the interface software itself , which should be user-friendly , was anything but easy-to-use . 
with the nomad explorer software , songs should be drag-and-drop . 
i have not yet tried the cd-ripping program . 
the player itself has all sorts of problems . 
the face-plate , which pops out for the battery , pops open by itself every 10 minutes or so . 
the player hangs up on file transfer every once-in-a-while , prompting a reset . 
the scroll button is overly sensitive at times ; not sensitive enough at others . 
depressing the scroll button ( for selecting ) is not always responsive . 
the scroll bar problems make the task of creating playlists more frustrating . 
on the positive side , the sound of the player is pretty good , once you have everything configured . 
i have n't had time to really push this player to the limit , but audio aspects on the nomad are satisfactory , as should be expected from creative labs . 
overall , a very disappointing product . 
the setup process for the nomad is infuriating , and the interface with the player is sub-par . 
the player 's mechanics are also flawed . 
although the sound-quality is good , it takes more than good sound on a portable-mp 3 player to result in a good product . 
getting the program to install properly has been a living hell experience . 
the cd just has too many problems with win xp . 
i am going to have to try an online download and see if that works . 
also , the instruction manual is very bad . 
also , the sound is wonderful ... my only gripe were those aweful earphones that this came with . 
come on, at $ 300 they could at least put in a good pair of earphones . 
sheesh ! ! 
it would only transfer 30 or so songs , and then come up with an error . 
having 4000 or so mp3s , i never got more than 500 transfered . 
scroll button - the scroll wheel was a nice idea to keep less clutter , but the button would sometimes get stuck or keep scrolling . 
size - bigger than the ipod 
software - music match jukebox is n't the greatest , the search funtion is n't fast even when accessing it with the hotkey shortcut . 
after i went through the transer issue , i returned the zen xtra and purchased the 40 gig ipod . 
song transfers were not an issue . 
i transfered all 16 gigs in 15 minutes without any errors via firewire . 
the navigion on it can be a little quirky , but still operates better than the zen 's did . 
the ipod is also an attractable piece , being lightweight and small . 
the casing scratches a little easy , but the glove cases work great to protect against this . 
sound quality was the same between the two , but the zen did have more sound adjustments with the normal eax features . 
i chose to keep the ipod and am very happy with the purchase . 
granted it is a little more than the zen , it is well worth it . 
itunes is a versatile program and i have n't had any issues with the ipod itself . 
unlike my 3 other mp3 players , this thing will only work properly if you have id3 tags on all of your tracks . 
if you do n't have tags , it 'll lump all of your tracks into the same directory and they cannot be searched via artist or album as the zen does not recognize folders . 
it 's a shame , but mine is going back . 
bummer as it has great sound quality . 
the locations of various buttons on one side or the other is somewhat illogical 
- included creative software is pretty poor . 
red chair 's notmad explorer is great & recommended by about every reviewer to repleace the creative jukebox software . 
note : this will add about $ 30 to the price to purchase , but worth it 
likes 
- great value 40gb vs 10 gb ipod for the price 
i tried to play the song three times , with no success . 
it would either not play the song at all , or skip wildly , no matter that the unit was resting on my desk . 
well , maybe that particular song was just corrupt , so i tried to upload some of my own , after four attempts , at each one the unit locked up and required a reboot , i managed to upload an album , which albeit was surprisingly fast , however when attempting to create a playlist out of my newly uploaded songs , the nomad again froze up and refused to work . 
i made an additional five attempts at creating a playlist , before packing the unit up and heading over to amazon 's product return page . 
needless to say , i would n't recommend anyone purchasing this product . 
had there been strange noises , or obvious defects , i would have accepted a replacement , but this is clearly from a defective and inferior operating system and i for one do not intend on waiting for patches . 
if you want to rename a cd title that you have already transferred , you will become frustrated quite quickly . 
you are better off deleting it , re-ripping it with the new title and then transferring it to the player . 
the scroll wheel , to be blunt , sucks . 
and the case , how did this ever make it out of quality control . 
quite simply , the firmware and / or the os that control this thing is not ready for prime time . 
there have also been times that the unit has been turned off for some period of time , upon powering it up it starts on the " now playing " screen with a song or cd that i had been playing days before . 
i have n't quite figured this one out yet , but it is probably operator error . 
now i have not owned other mp3 players as i was waiting until they matured , but since i received it as a gift i now have this one . 
i would suspect that there are similar problems with all of the other brands as this is somewhat new technology . 
and we all know about the rush to market on new products . 
i have had this player for 2 weeks , i will be returning it for an exchange in the hopes that the locking problem and scroll wheel are problems with this particular unit . 
while i am at the store i will definitely get the extended warranty as i have another day or so ( from the purchase date ) to obtain one . 
i know this unit will have problems in the future and the $ 40 for the 2 year " no questions asked " replacement warranty will be worth it , since creative will only warrant it for 90 days - which in itself is totally ridiculous ! 
3 ) the case hides the display - you have to open it to see what you are doing . 
features that would have been nice : 
1 ) fm receiver - some models out there have this . 
2 ) fm transmitter - so you can place the unit in your car and listen to the unit through your car stereo . 
they sell an adapter unit to use with your car 's cassette deck . 
but who wants the wires involved . 
a short range fm transmitter would be much nicer . 
i believe the napster mp3 player has this feature . 
details : 
do n't drop this unit : 
i 've had the player for about a month now . 
i did not managed to make creative nomad explorer to work . 
after installing it and trying to make it working for 30 minutes i went and bought notmad . 
notmad worked right away after install and it is what i would like to see from the product . 
transfer files is easy using notmad , however again , would be great if nomad supported folders like iriver , rca lyra and some other . 
often i fill i need to have better organization for the library and there is not enought of variables . 
artist , album and genre are only mp3 tags which are supported buy this player , and if you have 100 artists would be good to have another subcategory . 
after all those players have 40-60 gb of hard drive , so better organization is required . 
the bottom line , i 'll still watch the progress of iriver hdd players and if they produce 40 gb player i 'll will sell my nomad and buy iriver . 
so yes , as with all software bundled with creative products , it was useless and ugly . 
for once , though , this 3rd party software is excellent . 
dont let the bad reviews of the software change your mind . 
zens rule . 
b ) the screen is hard to read -- the cover hides it an already annoying poorly lit display 
c ) the scroll bar is a travesty -- enough said 
d ) software is another great misfortune -- hard to operate , crashes frequently , screwed my music library up , doesnt work with mp4s , the list goes on and on 
e ) the case is too small -- it took me like a half hour just to get this monstrosity to fit in its cage 
f ) it doesnt look pretty -- spending this kind of cash , you want something that has the asthetics bit down , of course 
so .. . 
im taking mine back tomorrow morning , and getting a nice shiny new ipod instead . 
do n't waste your time , engery , resources on this thing , just spend a little more for a far more functional ipod . 
the software failed repeatedly . 
i could n't load more than one song before the software crashed . 
creative labs customer support website is useless . 
software downloads on the site crashed my pc . 
creative tech support operators work 9-6 p.m. weekdays - as if i had time during work hours to spend time on this . 
do n't buy this thing . 
i had to sit on the phone with customer support for 2 hours and they did not help at all . 
i eventually gave up with customer support and worked on fixing the problem myself . 
it sounds decent , but i would estimate you get maybe 80 % of the quality that you would from a true line out jack . 
controls are a bit awkward . 
the controls definately took some getting used to . 
crappy headphones . 
the included earbuds were uncomfortable . 
i would replace them with some better sounding and more comfortable phones . 
difficult navigation - i wo n't necessarily say " difficult , " but i do n't enjoy the scrollwheel to navigate . 
it is a bit cumbersome , and i can 't get to the songs i want as quickly . 
if you hold down the scroll wheel too long ( which is common if you have a lot of songs to sort through ) , it will get " stuck " rapidly going through the songs and wo n't stop until several seconds after you let your finger off of it . 
case - the nomad comes with a leather holding case . 
it would have been much nicer if it had a window so you could see the screen , and if the button did n't cover up the ac jack . 
that way i could keep it in the case all the time . 
as it stands now , the case is pretty useless unless you 're packing the player up for travel , or if you load up all your songs beforehand . 
you can cut up the case a bit with an xacto knife and make it useable though . 
creating playlists using the included software to minimize issue 3 was n't as easy as i would have liked . 
the bottom line : 
if i have to get into making playlists to avoid rear-end collisions , i 'll just buy a regular portable cd/mp3 player and burn myself collections of about 120 tracks per disk . 
sure it 's " old school " to carry a cd wallet around , but it will be easier to manage and i 'll save around 250 bucks . 
one major complaint : 
my only significant complaint is sound quality . 
the eax sound enhancement feature did n't do enough for me and the custom eq was a limited 5 band eq . 
this did not give me enough control . 
i wanted to use the nomad with a cassette style car adapter . 
i was unable achieve a sound quality on par with my simple portable cd player with " bass boost . " 
the sound quality of my cd player is superior in this setting to the nomad . 
one minor complaint : 
the documentation says to extend battery life , do not fill player to capacity . 
gee ... thanks a lot creative . 
bookmarks for example , are an excellent feature ... but not on this player .. . 
rather than creating a directory for bookmarks to be found in one area , the user must actually find the track where the bookmark was made . . 
this makes no sense and sort of defeats the purpose of audio bookmarks .. . 
the dynamic playlists ( " now playing " , i belive creative calls it ) feels very awkward at times and some menus simply take to long to get to and operate .. . 
well , anyway i could go on and on on why this player did n't meet my expectations .. . 
i 'll just say this .. . 
for the average music listener not expecting much ... this may be a satisfactory mp3 player ... 
but for someone who cares about thier music collection and wants fluid and responsive playback .. . i can 't recommend this product . 
other tagging problems result ( i think ) from the nomad 's operating system . 
if you have two tracks with exactly the same name on one disk , it will not copy both -- it gives you the option of skipping the second or overwriting the first with the second . 
this is rarely a problem with any kind of popular music , but can be troublesome with classical music where tracks are identified by tempi . 
i also had it happen when recording a jazz set where there were a number of outtakes of the same song without numbering them separately . 
the way to fix this is to rename the track by adding a number yourself to the end of the track listing . 
also , i can 't understand why the software does not ignore " the " when it lists the cds in alphabetical order . 
finally , making playlists from the computer can be complicated because the tracks are listed individually , and are organized by cd , which are not listed but are organized in alphabetical order . 
in other words , to locate a track using the software on the computer and add it to a playlist , you must know the name of the cd it appears on and then find the track by locating the location of the unlisted cd by looking for tracks that appear on it . 
you do n't have this problem if you make your playlist from the nomad , where cds are listed separately . 
you need your computer , however , if you want to add tracks to a playlist . 
these are minor problems , and i list them to save anyone else the trouble of discovering them . 
had i not been in such a hurry to load cds , i would have spotted them sooner . 
also , if i had already loaded and tagged by cds on my home computer , this would not have been an issue . 
it also has unproven battery life . 
everyone who says i can 't buy the ipod because after excessive use in a short time ( the man who made the ipod battery life video admitted that he had used it extensively every day and charged fully every night for those 18 months , conditions under which any rechargeable battery dies . 
use this for 18 months every day and see what happens , or look at a 2 year old electric razor and see if it holds the same charge as the first day you had it ) . 
while it is an alternative to the ipod and one of the few viable ones its just that , an alternative and why would anyone seek an alternative to something that really needs no alternative choice because theres nothing wrong and everything right with it . 
i 'd like to see how well a small company supports its mp3 player in 2 years when its battery dies as all rechargeable do . 
finally the software used to put all the songs into it is vastly inferior to itunes on two levels , first it is poorly integrated into the overall player and clunky to use especially with tagging and second the wma audio format sucks , flat out sucks in terms of sound quality compared with the vastly superior aac format the apple ipod uses and it sticks you with one of the sub par paid music services such as napster instead of allowing to use the itunes store , which , if you ever plan to pay for your music , is by far the best . 
before anyone says hey you have n't used the product , i have , my friend received one for christmas instead of an ipod and has since envied me for my vastly superior product . 
* eax equalizer accentuates dimished quality of mp3 files . 
i have to rip everything as a 160 kbps wma file ( as opposed to 128 kbps mp3 ) to avoid hearing digital garbling . 
* does not provide enough volume when connected to larger headphones , or external receivers ( car radio ). 
* software is absolutely terrible : 
-- > will not automatically transfer songs with identical titles ( if you have live albums or greatest hits albums , this will cause you inordinate frustration ). 
-- > does not recognize player at random times , despite being connected and displaying player 's library . 
-- > too difficult to change genre / album / track information for large number of tracks . 
-- > you 'll be changing track information a lot because the cd database information utilized by the software is mediocre at best . 
if you have any multi-disc box sets , you 'll notice that the artist 's name , album name , and genre will often change with every disc . 
final verdict : 
a good player at a great price with terrible software that makes ripping and transferring way more difficult than it should be . 
creative are * the * sound people for computers , i can 't understand why eax would introduce static . 
is eax faulty ?
is my unit defective ? 
was i just unlucky at that moment ? 
was it a full moon that night ? 
i have n't figured it out yet . 
3 . mediasource is an application with serious user interface flaws . 
do not underestimate this in your purchase decision . 
many reviewers refer to it as " clunky " or " difficult " - heed their warnings . 
some amazon reviewers say it corrrupted their music files ; 
i did n't use it long enough to know , but clearly you need to use it with caution . 
4 .the zen * stores * data files , but does not allow a folder structure nor does it allow documents to be opened or programs to be launched from its disk ( they must be copied to another hard drive to be launched ) . 
in other words , the zen is not a convenient data storage device ; only buy the capacity you need for your music collection ( see point 1. for some sizing information ) . 
my goal of using it as a music player * and * data storage device has not been met ; do n't make the same mistake . 
5 . the zen does not have a stop button ! 
you can stop playback by pressing 2 buttons , first the pause button , then the " next track " or " previous track " button . 
but this is * not documented * in the zen manual - neither the hard copy nor the cd version . 
to discover this i had to read about 10 online reviews ( with many complaints about the lack of stop button ) before i found one reviewer who was smart enough to both figure it out & document it . 
6 . the zen nx battery requires the ac adapter to recharge ; it does not charge by usb cable ; this is not tragic , but usb recharging would be a convenient ( additional ) choice . 
if you are buying a zen xtra check whether the battery recharges via usb ; it does not on the zen nx . 
7 . mediasource did not install on my personal notebook . 
it referred to a " microsoft jet database engine " error and the install program suggested i download a service pack from the ms website to fix the problem ; 
i did that and re-installed the software but had the same error . 
creative provided e-mail support ; 
i followed their advice but that failed , too . 
i experimented with installing mediasource on 2 other computers at home and it worked fine . 
so it is probably " just bad luck " on my part that the personal notebook i own had this install error . 
however , it did motivate me to find a work-around solution . 
third party software to the rescue 
after much frustration ( above ) i found the notmad explorer ; cute product name for software that resolves virtually all of the creative mediasource file transfer & organization problems . 
i am not associated with the company , i am not providing a url , but search for notmad and you should find it pretty easily . 
this provides drag & drop transfers of music between the computer & zen ; each time it transfers music to the zen it asks if you want to generate a playlist ; it allows playlists developed in other software to be transferred to the zen ( . 
m3u files are used by most mp3 players like musicmatch and winamp , but not creative - without notmad you need to manually recreate your playlists ) ; it does n't care what software you use to rip or catalog your music - creative or any other company - all my 12.5 gb of music were transferred to the zen with correct tags - hooray ! 
notmad has other features too , but this is not an advertisement so please see the company 's web site for more information ... 
conclusion : 
if i knew then what i know now i would have paid the extra to get an ipod & avoided the zen . 
given that i already have the zen the only reason i am happy with it is because of the notmad software . 
and i am hoping the static i heard when using eax was a blip ... 
to summarize , i am using the creative zen as a mobile device ; 
i am using musicmatch to rip & catalog ( and if i choose , download ) music ; 
i am using notmad explorer to move music & playlists between the zen & my computer . 
the only creative software i am using is the device driver ( s ). 
- the flywheel you use for most of the navigation was n't in tightly and it was uneven as far as the amount of pressure to make it engage . 
i was n't sure how long it would take before it would break . 
the construction of the player is the cheesiest i have ever seen -- the front panel refused to clip in correctly , leaving a noticeable gap between the panel and base of the player . 
this gap allowed the front panel to fly off after barely being touched . 
i can 't comment on the quality of the audio , because it was back at the store before i ripped a single cd . 
i 'm not willing to accept shoddy construction on something i paid over 250 dollars for . 
if the casing of the player is this bad , i can 't image that the hardware is of very good quality . 
do n't be pulled in by the great price -- you get what you pay for , and there 's a reason this model is so cheap . 
i fully expect it to go bad again in the same or some other way in the next 6 months because , as other reviewers have pointed out , the construction is pretty flimsy . 
now let 's talk about the software . 
like other reviewers , installation was hell . 
subsequent behavior even worse . 
i will never buy a creative product again . 
i purchased a jukebox , it got fried while being recharged , they asked for $ 20usd just to look at it and said that they would charge me for repaing the damned thing . 
no way , now i have an ipod and i 'm a very happy man . 
also bought a soundblaster card that they sold for the mac . 
within months they stopped supporting the new mac os . 
what kind of a company does that ! 
headphones suck , i would invest in some cool ones since it has the eax feature . 
the software sucks . 
it overrides songs so you have to go in there and put it your own titles especially if you have remixes . 
also the feature to automatically put in the song information is n't always accurate . 
you discover this later when you 're listening to a song and it 's the wrong title , causing you to rename everything on your own . 
kind of bulky and the wheel is awkward , but i can deal with that . 
software definitely sucks , hangs up my notebook about half the time , but i do n't mind buying notmad . 
i am annoyed that the player 's not automatically recognized as a hard drive . 
i do n't want to install software and drivers on every computer i 'm ever at . 
makes me use it much less than i otherwise would . 
looking at the glowing reviews from people that have had this for a week or two , i kind of wish people would wait until they 've had a product a little while to review it . 
i loved it until it broke , but less than a month is not an acceptible period of time for something to work . 
always carried it in a case in by briefcase but one day the hard drive just zapped . 
tech support could n't figure it out and gave up . 
second , the menu system and controls are poorly designed . 
the toggle button that is used to scroll is poorly designed and does not work well . 
the general button placement is not very user friendly . 
this would not be a great problem if you did n't have so much info to scroll through on a regular basis . 
third , the poor design continues with the case . 
the flap completely covers the screen because there is no window to see it . 
it also covers over the power jack when closed . 
after the first one fatally crashed , the replacement did not work . 
i bought an ipod and am very happy with it . 
i 've also had the nomad zen lock-up several times . 
the good news is if you can 't get it to reset / reboot you can still pull the battery and reinstall it . 
that 's a huge plus by itself compared to the infamous ipod and similar mp3 players where the battery is permanently installed & removing it voids the warranty . 
the nomad zen could use a little sturdier construction like the archos jukeboxes or some kind of shock resistant case . 
at the very least , a sturdier more protective carrying case would be nice . 
pros : huge storage capacity for the price , easy to navigate , can modify existing playlists on the fly , has a removable battery 
cons : 
battery life is about 1/4 of that advertised , no operators manual available for any of the nomad zen players ( on or off-line ) , occasional software lockups , replacement battery is expensive 
note : about 2gb ( 5 % ) of the advertised 40gb of storage capacity is used for the operating software ( firmware ) . 
this is nothing new , every mp3 player , memory card , etc. , used for digital media today has some kind of preloaded operating software on it . 
what is added in functionality ( battery replacement ) detracts in build quality as the face plate is prone to popping off . 
drop if just a few inches on a hard surface and the faceplate pops off ( but not if it 's in its case ) . 
many reviewers say the faceplate simply did n't fit well so they returned the zen . 
feedback on creative 's product support is universally poor ; this is not limited to the zen , it applies to all the company 's products . 
the scroll wheel is finicky ; it works most of the time but there is a learning curve for pressing it just right ; new users say they have 50 % - 75 % success rate ; some find it so frustrating that they just return the device . 
the creative software is awkward / difficult to use and just plain does n't load on some computers . 
enough people have reported that their headphone jack does n't work after a month of using the device to believe that creative has some inbuilt manufacturing or quality control problem . 
the zen does n't support folders so it is not really a storage device ; even with third party software that " creates " folders , documents and programs can 't be launched from the zen , so it is not a hard disk , it 's a storage device at best . 
reviews for sound quality are generally ( but not universally ) positive . 
the zen has no stop button . 
veteran zen users have explained how to stop if that 's what you want . 
the rio karma feedback suffers from sensitivity in the hard disk . 
it seems like movement , even small movement , causes skipping in playback and even the device freezing . 
if you plan to carry the device around ( it is a mobile device , right ? ) then this is something you might want to think about . 
karma gets consistently good reviews for sound quality and connectivity from its docking device , which has rca output jacks and ethernet jacks for connectivity . 
usability ( button usage , feature selection , menu structure , display size and quality ) also has good feedback . 
repair seems to be an issue ; some say the repair do n't exist 
- you just have to buy a new player . 
perhaps because of its smaller user base there is also a lack of accessories . 
like the zen , the karma does not support folders and is not designed to be a data storage device . 
it only comes in 20gb ; enough for most people , not for those with large collections ripped at high sampling rates . 
the karma does have a stop button . 
there are n't many reviews for the iriver ihp . 
those that have it like it . 
the only complaint seems to be that the disk rotation is slow , leading to longer delays in some functions ( playback and even a slow display of the menu ? ) . 
otherwise feedback seems to be good . 
no comments on reliability , warranty , repairs , accessories . 
no-one mentions whether there is a stop button , but the photos do n't show one . 
none of these are perfect . 
if you have the appetite choose the one that you think has the least deficiencies or is best suited to you . 
accept that there will be better devices ( or new generations of these ones ) in a year or two that will cost less . 
if that is for you then pay the money , learn from the experience and you 'll be a more informed buyer when you buy device # 2 . 
if you are n't into paying $ x00 to learn and experiment , or the cons outweigh the pros , then wait a year or so . 
do n't buy this player . 
i recently bought this after my archos 20 multimedia self-destructed ( do n't get me started on that piece of junk ! ) and expected it to be flawless . 
unfortunately , after loading 280 + songs , all i get now is " player either not connected or busy . " 
it will not load any further songs on and customer service has no idea what to do . 
do n't buy this player . 
do not buy this product -- 
i took perfect care of this player and still it died in the week after the lousy 90 day warranty ended . 
nearly 4000 songs went up in smoke . 
the software is not good either and the driver has trouble working with other sound blaster products , which is very dumb . 
the one other thing i observed while i had the nomad is that the front cover , which is taken off to have access to the battery , seemed to come undone very easily . 
the headphone jack failure seems to occur just about when the warrranty period is to expire . 
even if it has n't expired , creative is likely to claim that the owner caused the damage which in turn voids the warranty . 
and most stores will not take back a product 90 days after purchase . 
this means that you will have the nomad long enough to load a lot of music on to it , and get used to having it . 
so when it breaks , as it will , you will find yourself very disappointed and depressed at the loss of the nomad . 
you will find it very hard or impossible to get you money back . 
you will have a very expensive paperweight . 
there are not a lot of good options out there . 
most people say buy an ipod , but they are pretty expensive and also require you to send the product back to the factory just to replace the battery . 
my suggestion is to wait to see how the market develops . 
maybe creative will come out with a better design , although it will be hard for me and its other customers to trust it again . 
maybe more competitors will bring out similar products . 
and maybe the answer is to buy an ipod . 
whatever you do , do n't buy this product . 
you will be sorry if you do . 
