Great, it is so nice to not hear the beeping from the old one..
I gave this item a 3 star rating only because the maker put connectors on it substantially smaller than the original battery had. This forced me to have to squeeze the connecting clips with pliers to keep them from falling off the terminals.
Perfect fit. We will see how long it lasts.
Perfect fit. Very reasonable price. Rapid delivery.
Seems to be working well. The test will be how long it lasts. At half the price of the big name brand, so far it is a good deal.
Works for about a year and then I have to replace it.
Great battery!!
Crap battery, conveniently lasted 45 days and could not return.
good product!!
Much cheaper option for Settop box replacement battery. Working great so far.
It's a battery. It fits and works as advertised at exactly a half price of the same thing from Vendor.
Did not last as long as expected; less than a year, maybe 8 months in fact.
Purchased on 2/18/14 as a replacement for my battery backup. A couple days ago, less than a year after purchasing this battery, it is currently dead and needing replaced. DO NOT PURCHASE!
The battery fit perfectly, appears to be doing it's job, and was certainly priced right.
im sure it is good it just didnt fit so i will have to return it
Perfect replacement for Set top box battery, quickly delivered. Thank you very much.
Arrived in a timely fashion. Plugged it in and it works like a charm! No more annoying beeping from the old battery. After doing some homework, we found this price extremely affordable.
Great price for a quality 12V battery. I use it every day for my RC airplane flight box to run my fuel pump and glow plug igniter
It was delivered on schedule and was exactly what i needed.
Fit perfect. Exactly what we needed
I'm on my second replacement. It works good for about a year. Installation is easy, connectors fit just fine. It is also cheap. I would gladly pay more and not have to replace it every year.... the warning beep is annoying.I would give it 5 stars if I could get 2 years out of it.
Fit perfect where I needed it to fit.
It was fast, the right battery and the right price
Prompt delivery, good price.
Works good, used this to replace a battery in my set top Box
its an exact duplicate of whats in there now ,,,,,,,,,,so it fit and it works . unlike radio shacks 35 dollars ,,,,,I got this one for 17 with shipping .
This is NOT a replacement for the Set top box battery. Apparently there is a big difference between "PK" and "PX" -- the hookups are completely different. This is useless.
Great replacement battery for my mom's set top box on the wall, this was delivered in less than 2 days.
Easily installed!!
Item arrived earlier than promised. Very satisfied.
Exact fitment, operates as explained
I bought this replacement battery 5/14. It worked fine until it died 3/19/15. I'll buy it again but...I have to think long term though.
Battery check warning beeping stopped. It looked like it is working. Will buy this again in the future when needed.
As expected at a more reasonable price than buying directly from Vendor
Works as advertised , much less expensive than ordering replacement from Set top
Quality battery, cost was less than if purchased direct thru the provider. Installation was quick and easy.
In this case - low price=poor quality.
Super bad. battery does not charge. Had to get a new one from another vendor.
Bought this for my Set top box box and it's been working great for about a year now.
Don't waste your money. Bought it in July 2013 and it failed by Oct 2014. Original battery lasted many years.
Received on time; installed easily; and works as hoped. Good purchase!
Received on time. Fit was fine. So far, so good.... i.e., my Set top unit 'battery' light remains out. We'll have to wait to see what kind of life I get on this battery... the original lasted close to five years
Battery did not match the one pictured, physically it was the same, but it had completely different specs. unusable for my intended use.
Works perfect!!
No good doesn't work horrible
did not last long (1 year) then had to replace
The battery works well in my backup phone system. I had to solder on larger Faston Tabs to make the connection.
