will never purchase apex again . 
customer service and technical support are overloaded and nonresponsive - tells you about the quality of their products and their willingness to stand behind them . 
pass this player up , and never believe the reviews on a product right before christmas ! 
i thought it was just the player , but then i started checking the discs to find that the apex 2600 is actually ruining my media . 
there are funny little ridges on the dvd that look like the slice of a tree trunk ! 
this player is not worth any price and i recommend that you do n't purchase it . 
i intend to contact the company , but from what i 've read . 
i just got screwed out of fifty bucks . 
very bad quality . 
i tried to contact apex to return it ( i missed the amazon return period ) and it took 3 months to get through to their customer service dept . 
i am still trying to resolve it four months later . 
the only thing i did experience was a problem of the player freezing while playing , which i was able to clear by opening it up and blowing it out with " canned air . " 
this problem vanished after the first month , so i assume it was a temporary dust issue . 
the two main reasons i had for getting this model were the range of disks types played and the recommendation of a friend . 
i especially like the more commonly used buttons , such as play , pause , and stop , to be larger and conveniently placed . 
while it is true that it will stand on end , it is also easy to knock over that way . 
i also did n't like the way it displayed information way down into the screen when you are in zoom mode . 
the zoom goes up and down in magnification , which is nice , but there is always a display of the zoom size about one-quarter of the way down from the top of the screen that interferes with viewing at most settings . 
having spent considerable time with professional video gear , i find onscreen displays annoying . 
i have not used the progressive scan feature . 
this model has come down in price since i purchased mine . 
while it seems like some people have had trouble with theirs , mine has run well , and i would recommend it if you are considering a dvd player purchase . 
any possible problems should be weighed against the bang-for-the-buck factor , along with the fact that companies like apex seldom have good after-sale support . 
i have tried many times to get a hold of apex who does n't seem to answer their emails and telephone number is constantly busy as ( i believe ) the one lonely customer service rep is probably extremely overworked . 
as i emailed to the the customer service department , the only thing this player has done consistantly is use enought electricity to keep the red led burning . 
do yourself a favor and save your money to get something of better quality , or at least works . 
some movies it played yesterday , it wo n't play today . 
it wo n't play 80 % of my movies , which are all store boughten . 
tech support from apex is literally - nonexistent . 
amazon , do your customers a big favor , do n't carry this item , and give them refunds ! 
there should have been a recall on this product . 
fair warning - do not buy . 
i repeat - do n't wast your money . 
it is embarassing getting phone calls from family members telling you that the dvd player you gave them less that 3 months ago is no longer working . 
one stopped working in february and the other in march . 
amazon has been working with me to refund my money , but they reminded me that i have past the 30 day return policy and this was a courtesy return . 
i have had great experience with amazon , but i will probably not buy electronics any more from them to avoid any future return problems . 
the player usually plays dvd 's , but has occasional problems such as : 1 ) not recognizing a dvd 2 ) stopping a particular point in a movie every time we played it 3 ) not being able to access certain special features on a rental dvd . 
after we discovered the problems , we tried to contact apex ( fkor 3 months ) , but we never got in touch with them.the customer support telephone number is always busy , and they do not answer their web customer support . 
on 2 dvds so far it refuses to play certain episodes with no problems on the others on the dvd . 
luckily i also have a ps2 which can play those episodes the player can 't . 
unfortunately i bought a player because the ps2 could n't play all my dvds , and now the player can 't play everything . 
i hate apex but love amazon , and i tell everyone . 
do not buy this player . 
( on here of course ) also , a couple dvd 's would n't play and they were new ones ! 
the customer service dept did not list a toll free number and it was a real hassle to get through on their regular line . 
i would not be inclined to purchase an apex product again . 
unit took forever since the begiining to recognize and play discs . 
the other thing i do n't like about this 2600 is that it makes the color look over saturated . 
maybe it 's good for tvs with not so good color settings , but not good for my tv that already has very vibrant pictures . 
after hooking the thing up , i found that it would only played less than 50 % of the dvds i put in it . 
most of the dvds i was trying were fairly new and were in great condition . 
the dvd player just would't recognize them . 
it would spin , read , spin some more and then show on the display that there was no disc . 
i ended up sending the unit back to amazon . 
i have not even used my new dvd player and already i am disapointed ! 
i have been trying for over a week to contact apex . 
they will not respond to my emails ( promised turnaround time is 24 hours ) and the phone line is constantly busy . 
all i am looking for is a rebate form ! 
same story as everybody else when trying to get service from apex - nothing . 
pay a few more bucks and get something else - it 'll be worth it in the long run . 
apex has still not responded to my email describing the problem after almost a week and their customer service line is always busy . 
this dvd play is basicly junk . 
i purchased two of these players for christmas gifts , and both were bad . 
the first one would n't work from the start . 
the second lasted about two weeks before the video went out ! 
amazon.com promptly refunded my money for the first one , because a replacement was not available ( thanks amazon.com ! 
i am still trying to resolve the problem with the second one . 
it worked from 12-26 to 1-9 at which time the picture failed completely ( see other negative reviews-my unit was n't the only one this happened to . ) 
i tried calling the support number for a week , several times a day , and always got a busy signal . 
i also registered the unit online and posted two messages to the apex support person ( there can 't possibly be more than one ! 
neither message was answered ( they ask for 24 hours before replying - i 've been waiting 27 days . ) 
i finally returned the unit to the company along with copies of my messages and return info . 
let me quote a customer service rep from one of the authorized apex service locations in my state ( they only service apex tv 's , not dvd players ) : 
" you can send it in , but i would n't count on ever seeing it or a replacement again . 
also , for some reason the picture looks washed out on s-video , with lots of color bleeding , compared to a component connection ( should not be much of a perceptible difference on a 27 " tv ). 
and the remote is cheap and cheasy - not sure how long it 'll last , but for 50 bucks what the heck ! 
i 've attempted to connect this unit to several different tvs , using a multitude of connection methods , and i still can 't get a video signal from the machine . 
i highly regret trying to save a few $ with this purchase . 
i 've sent 10 e-mails to their customer service department requesting an ra with no response . 
i 've called the service number and if it 's not busy , it rings forever then eventually dumps you . 
once i actually got to an answering machine and left a message . 
still no response . 
i will never purchase anything from this company ever again and have logged my complaint with the bbb . 
3/4 way through the first disk we played on it ( naturally on 31 days after purchase ) the dvd player froze . 
now it will not load any disk or just says that there is no disk . 
this product sucks , the customer service from apex sucks . 
i should n't have been cheap , should have bought a toshiba . 
after using it for just a month , i could not play any dvd . 
i can only hear the sound but no picture ! 
their customer ( www.apexdigitalinc.com ) service is very poor . 
no contact phone number , only eamil contact which did not respond me . 
one of the dvd 's i received as a christmas present kept freezing . 
some dvd 's i rented would not play . 
now , i suddenly have no picture . 
i will say this . 
when the player was working it was great ,but . 
at first i thought it is only a isolated incident , but i was proven wrong when the player would not read my " alias " dvds as well . 
this player seems to work fine with everything else . 
so i do n't understand why it would not work with dvds that seem to have more features in them . 
apex sucks ! 
only the cheap and poor would buy one . 
video output stopped workin . 
this was an awesome player , before the video output no longer worked ( after about 3 weeks ) . 
i might have gotten a lemon , but this is not the first report of video output failure on this machine . 
i am returning it , and again in the market for a multiformat dvd , svcd , vcd , mp3 , etc. player . 
there was occasionally a lip-sync issue ( the lips were n't moving in time to the dialogue ) . 
but after 10 days , the sound worked , but the video quit working . 
output went black and white only via both s-video and composite connections , and with no v-hold . 
thankfully amazon has free return shipping ! 
well , within 45 days the video output quit working ( both rca & optic ) . 
update : january 27th 2004 - the second one crapped out only after a week - dont buy this product ! 
after multilple tries , one of the disks was finally recognized but video was poor and features not available . 
only one disk played through to completion successfully . 
at $ 49 . 
i guess you get what you pay for . 
i 'd recommend against this unit . 
when i tried to install the second dvd player in my brothers house , that one didn " t work either ! 
imagine my shock - and absolute instant disdain for any products made by apex . 
the 2nd dvd player had a faulty power supply which caused to occasionally not turn on . 
do not recommend . 
i can 't rate it one star only because when it does work it 's pretty good . 
only owned it about two weeks so i expect we 're looking at getting another progressive scan dvd player of higher quality very soon . 
2 ) the remote works , but then it does not work , and you are left standing there thinking you are doing something wrong . 
3 ) you must press the play button and hold it for a couple of seconds otherwise it will not work and you will think the whole unit is broken . 
4 ) it did play my jpeg photos but wow , trying to figure it out was really something ! 
5 ) this apex model 2600 will not work with my universal remote control . 
i dare you to surf the net and find the code . 
you will be told goldstar codes work , and you will be told zenith codes will work , and radio shack will give you apex codes but they will not work . 
finally you will read a post somewhere that all codes are useless for the apex 2600 . 
and then you will start to belive them . 
if this is your fist dvd player . 
save yourself some aggrivation . 
when i hooked it up it only produced sound - a cd played fine , but with a dvd i only got the audio - no picture ! 
let 's face it - when you want to watch a movie you want to see a picture . 
as i travelled internationally and did n't want to haul it back on a plane with me it was an expensive addition to the recycling bin . 
had to buy my dad a different dvd player locally ( panasonic ) which worked just fine . 
save your cash - go for a brand that actually cares about their reputation . 
granted , i have only used this dvd player for about 2 hours setting it up for my mom for christmas , but that was long enough for me to find problems with this dvd player . 
first , the player did not allow me to access the menus of dvds . 
when i hit " menu " it told me , " playback only . " 
i actually had to re-open the drawer and close it to get back to the dvd menu . 
the remote is flimsy-feeling and awkward to use . 
in addition , it only seems to work if you 're about five feet away from the player , although that may have been just the batteries that came with it . 
both of the problem dvd 's would repeatedly freeze during playback , while the counter on the player kept going . 
one also exhibited extremely slow speed when going to the menu . 
these problems were consistent , and also not present on another dvd player . 
the dvd door would scratch the top of the disc every time it closed . 
there were a few attractive features , such as the small size and the layout of the remote . 
all in all , trying to save some money on this player resulted in me shelling a great deal more when i purchased a much nicer dvd vcr combo player to make up for blazing crappiness of this very embarassing gift . 
i was impressed by this very inexpensive player.for the first three hours , and then it died . 
i was told that it is no longer available , so there must be something really wrong with it . 
i called apex 's support number numerous times but it just kept ringing . 
i hope that amazon will let me trade it for a different , more trusted brand of dvd player . 
the one i purchased for a frend as a gift will not read any dvd disc . 
on several different occasions it has displayed " no disc " with a disc inside . 
after reading several other reviews this appears to be relatively common . 
i read in consumer reports that apex is a reliable brand , but with my experience and reading the other reviews , i think i will be doing a little more homework before considering another apex product . 
i am returning mine for a replacement , but if i receive another ad-2600 with the same or similar problems i will not only return it for a refund , but never buy another apex product in the future . 
i guess you get what you pay for . 
