i recently purchased the canon powershot g3 and am extremely satisfied with the purchase . 
the camera is very easy to use , in fact on a recent trip this past week i was asked to take a picture of a vacationing elderly group . 
after i took their picture with their camera , they offered to take a picture of us . 
i just told them , press halfway , wait for the box to turn green and press the rest of the way . 
they fired away and the picture turned out quite nicely . ( as all of my pictures have thusfar ) . 
a few of my work constituants owned the g2 and highly recommended the canon for picture quality . 
i 'm easily enlarging pictures to 8 1/2 x 11 with no visable loss in picture quality and not even using the best possible setting as yet ( super fine ) . 
ensure you get a larger flash , 128 or 256 , some are selling with the larger flash , 32mb will do in a pinch but you 'll quickly want a larger flash card as with any of the 4mp cameras . 
bottom line , well made camera , easy to use , very flexible and powerful features to include the ability to use external flash and lense / filters choices . 
i 'd highly recommend this camera for anyone who is looking for excellent quality pictures and a combination of ease of use and the flexibility to get advanced with many options to adjust if you like . 
great job canon ! 
just a little overview , powershot g3 is the flagship of canon 's powershot series and its an slr-like camera , its 4 megapixel and ( alsmost ) full manual control gives the pictures a touch of brilliance . 
whether you are a novice or an expert , its ease of use and functionality goes together . 
+ you can have different kind of lens if you want + flashes , etc. 
as its 4mp , you might need bigger storage to store high quality images and recording movies ( you can record 3 minutes of video ) . 
i am using kingston 512mb cf which works great and is very fast . 
a good choice could be cf type ii , microdrives that can store around 1 gb of images . 
some things that i did n't like ( but hey . nothing is perfect ). 
* main dial is not backlit . 
in a word , " awesome " is how i would describe this camera . 
i wo n't go into the details here , as the online sites ( stevesdigicams , dpreviews ) go into great depth in their reviews , but i am very pleased with the features , the speed , the picture quality , the flexibility , the automation , and the functional conveniences this camera offers . 
with the automatic settings , i really have n't taken a bad picture yet . 
and with the panoramic " stitch " mode , it guides you through stitching together multiple pictures to build a seamless panoramic image . 
i am absolutely in awe of this camera , canon put enormous quality into the g3 . 
do n't walk , run and buy this camera if you have the budget , i guarantee you will not be disappointed . 
i bought my canon g3 about a month ago and i have to say i am very satisfied . 
i have taken hundreds of photos with it and i continue to be amazed by their quality . 
the g3 is loaded with many useful features , and unlike many smaller digital cameras , it is easy to hold steady when using slower shutter speeds . 
flaws ? 
the lens is visible in the viewfinder when the lens is set to the wide angle , but since i use the lcd most of the time , this is not really much of a bother to me . 
still i am a little suprised that canon did not correct this design flaw before releasing the camera . 
despite this minor disappointment , i highly recommend the canon g3 anyone who is serious about digital photography . 
the photo quality is amazing and i know i 'm going to have fun with all the features . 
i 've figured out most of its features on my own already ( because i have used digital cameras before , so i know things like symbols ) . 
i 'm one of those people that can only concentrate on one screen at a time so i 've been having trouble paying attention to the little display panel on top , but that does n't stop me from loving this camera . 
the reason i rated it a four is because of that darn diopter adjustment dial. its very small and hard to turn so you can 't get an accurate adjustment ( for those of you who do n't know what a diopter adjustment is , it is to adjust the focus of the viewfinder to your eyesight . ) 
i am going to have so much fun with this camera and when i learn more i will post a more accurate review . 
excellent range of metering options as well . 
it 's great to switch to spot metering and actually see it working on the lcd screen . 
2 ) 4mp is about right for the target market of this camera ( semi-serious amateur photographer ) 
3 ) 4x zoom is nice 
4 ) the great thing about digital , in general , is that you can generally see the results of your exposure settings on the lcd screen before you take the picture , not two weeks later when you get the film developed . 
5 ) its focusing system is also very flexible . 
you can move the focus range to almost anywhere in the scene with the push of a button , and it has an on-screen manual focus mode that would be really helpful if shooting a scene that is tough to automatically focus . 
negatives 
the lcd screen pulls out and rotates in any direction for easy pictures . 
you can even take a picture of yourself while looking at the lcd . 
the optical zoom works great and the 14x digital zoom is a very nice addition although pictures at the highest digital zoom are a little blurry . 
the highest optical zoom pictures are perfect . 
i have not yet seen any of the usual problems with digital pictures ( purple fringing , etc ) so i am very pleased . 
the canon computer software used to download , sort , upload and manage your digital pictures on the computer is very nice and very easy to use . 
the only two minor issues i have with the camera are the lens cap ( it is not very snug and can come off too easily ) and the lens itself ( it partially obstructs the view through the viewfinder but not views through the lcd ) . 
the menus are easy to navigate and the buttons are easy to use . 
it is a fantastic camera and well worth the price . 
recent price drops have made the g3 the best bargain in digital cameras currently available . 
advanced photobugs will find more creative control than imaginable . 
newbies will find the full auto setting will give them perfect pictures right out of the box . 
4 megapixels is enough for anybody and the photo quality is awesome . 
do n't get fooled by the 5 megapixel marketing hype . 
unless you want to print murals , you do n't need it . 
i recommend unreservedly the powershot g3 to any potential buyer looking for a first-class digital camera at a reasonable price - there is no better camera out there - period ! 
it gives great pictures , the controls are easy to use , the battery lasts forever on one single charge , the software is very user-friendly and it is beautiful in it chrome casing . 
i began taking pics as soon as i got this camera and am amazed at the quality of photos i have took simply by using the auto mode . 
absolutely breathtaking . 
i was considering the olympus camedia c-5050 but was convinced to buy the g3 after visiting a store and holding it in my hands and trying it out . 
the olympus is a bit clumsy-looking and the user-interface not as friendly as the canon , but one of the features that sold me on the g3 was the battery life - no other camera out there gives you the type of battery life as the canon g3 . 
i would recommend a larger compact-flash card , at least 128 mb . 
i bought a 512 mb card by simpletech and it works great with my canon . 
the prints are beautiful ! 
and you get about 120 images on a 256mb card at highest quality . 
i tried out some other brands in the stores , and was disappointed by the battery life of the other company ; plus what you see in the lcd ( no optical finder ) is n't what you get - not even for color ; the output was less than i expected . 
although canon 's batteries are proprietary , they last a really long time , recharge fairly quickly in the camera , plus if you want ' more power ' , you can even find a knockoff charger and spare batteries right here on amazon . 
the canon g3 gives tons of control for photo buffs but still has an " auto " mode that makes it very easy for the novice to use . 
i can hand this to anyone and know they will take some great photos ! 
i love having the option to manually control the f-stop , shutter speed and even focus . 
i was able to take great photos of the 4th of july fire works , and got some amazing shots of the kids playing with sparklers . 
warning - i did read the manual ! 
but if you 've used a slr 35mm camera , the controls are very intuitive ! 
once i read the manual i was able to point and shoot without having to fumble around trying to figure out where the controls are located . 
with a quick spin of the dial you can select shutter priority ( for high speed subjects ) , aperture priority ( for focal length ) or full program mode where the camera selects both for ideal photo quality . 
the manual mode is easy to use with fast access for the selection of shutter speed and aperture without having to fumble through menu options . 
it does n't do you any good if a camera has all the features but you can 't access them quickly when you need them ! 
this camera also has a great feel and weight to it . 
you feel like you are holding something of substance , not some cheap plastic toy . 
this is my first digital camera , and i am very pleased with it . 
i do not know a whole lot about photography , but i am happy to know that this camera can always perform , even as i grow in skill and knowledge . 
four megapixels is great . 
i know there are five mp cameras out there , but this thing does just fine for me . 
if you want , check out the canon website and they have some sample images , taken by this camera , for you to download . 
if you are looking for a very simple point and shoot camera , this is probably not what you are looking for . 
if you are looking for an outstanding camera that can take you from simple to complex , this is it . 
takes excellent photos . 
night mode is clear as day . 
a ) the picture quality ( color and sharpness of focusing ) are so great , it completely eliminated my doubt about digital imaging --- how could one eat rice one grain at a time : - ) ) 
took hundreds of pictures and they were great . 
great colors , pictures and white balance . 
has 4x optical zoom which is higher than any other in the same price range . 
it is generally overpriced a little bit but you get what you are paying for . 
without any tweaking at all , if the exposure is accurate , the colors are as realistic as ive ever seen produced by film , and this is a raw image ! 
i am stunned and amazed at the quality of the raw images i am getting from this g3 ( in conjunction with my professional flash system ) , and can easily put up with the cameras limitations , because ive never seen anything better within its resolution limits . 
this is the perfect camera for a photo hobbiest who wants to have easy point and shoot ability as well . 
my girlfriend loved using this camera so much as a point and shoot that i had to pry it out of her hands most of the time . 
battery life , the drawback to most digital cameras , to quote k. reeves . 
whoa . 
manual functionality is excellent , downloading pictures is quick and a breeze , and the quality is astounding . 
i did a good month 's worth of research before buying this over other similar priced digital cameras , and this is the best buy for the buck . 
not perfect ( yes , the viewfinder can get obstructed in instances.but the lcd works well enough in those instances ) , not the cheapest 4.0 mp , but the best 4.0 mp . 
if you do n't believe me on that , check the consumer reports review as well as the many digital camera review sites out there . 
or save time and just do it , you wo n't regret it . 
the service from the supplier was exceptional . 
the camera arrived on time and in perfect condition . 
having used it for more than a month , i can say that it consistently produces topnotch photos . 
recently , i attended a " flyball " competition 
-- an event that involves dogs running and jumping hurdles . 
by cocking the shutter to the halfway position and getting the settings ready to shoot , i was able to produce excellent stopaction photos -- contrary to what other reviewers experienced . 
the camera is a dream to operate in automode , but also gives tremendous flexibility in aperture priority , shutter priority , and manual modes . 
in the coastal redwood forests i was able to use these additional features along with the macro-focussing option to shoot wonderful close-up photos of the trilliums and other flowers in bloom . 
about the only legitimate criticsm from the online reviews is that fact that the lens really does obstruct the viewfinder . 
this effect is increased when one buys and uses a telephoto doubler . 
but who cares ? 
i always shoot using the lcd panel . 
i can 't write enough positive things about this great little camera ! 
but canon never fails to amaze . 
some of the great gains over g2 -- 
1 . the ability to selectively switch to raw format during record review gives you incredible more post-processing flexibility . 
2 . battery life is over 4.5 hours , compared to about 2.5 hours for the g2 or the 2 hours for most nikons . 
3 . the remote capture and fileviewer software bundled for photo capture is mind-blowing . 
looks sort of like picasa software ( google it if you dont know ) in the interface and is as easy to install and operate as g2 's , but more intuitive . 
4 . the shape of this device is a little squarer , without losing the weight which means better balance and less shaking while clicking . 
a big plus in my book . 
5 . the 1/200 sec , f5.6 + nd filter for highly exposed ( or very brightly lit ) environments . 
the light auto-correction is awesome . 
you could take a picture of a stone glinting in the sun and still avoid the shining glaze and get the contours right . 
6 . the g2 's " color effect " exposure mode has now been removed , the replacement is a selectable " effect func " menu option available in all exposure modes . 
there are six default settings ( off , vivid , sepia , neutral , low sharpening , b & w ) as well as a ' custom effect ' that allows you to control sharpening , contrast and saturation . 
7 . a new photostich software for stiching your pics into a panoramic view . 
i can of course buy such a tool off the shelves separately but helps if it comes with my camera . 
( looks quite neat too suggesting that canon may have , er , canonized it a bit ). 
8 . perhaps inspired by the canon 's factory white-correction settings ( which were found lacking and had to be altered by a user before the white edges from buildings etc could be cleaned out ) , the g3 has much sharper white offsets . 
in english , this means that even straight out of the box , you 'll be amazed at the pics you end up taking . 
9 . in dim lit environs the g2 could easily outperform any other camera , and thankfully g3 maintains this rep . 
personally i believe it even outperforms the g2 in terms of less haze and astonishingly real colors . 
overall , the g3 delivers what must be considered the best image quality of any current > 4 megapixel digicams , from a detail , tonal balance and color response point of view . 
there 's really very little about g3 images to criticize . 
short of the eos range from canon or the d100s from nikon ( both slrs ) .
because it can help a so-so photographer take spectacular photos ! 
4 megapixels is plenty for all but pros , and you will not be disappointed with the results of this camera . 
it 's slightly lighter than the g2 and packed with even more features . 
this is my first digital camera and i could n't be happier . 
i have but plan on selling my rebel ti and all of the equipment with it . 
i love the quality of the pictures . 
with canon , you get pictures that appear to be photos , not still camcorder shots . 
i love the eos based controls and easy menus . 
i do n't need to go into exhustive review of this camera . 
many before me have done that already . 
i agree with the positive reviews . 
but there are two things i do n't like about the camera that were not mentioned in any previous reviews . 
1 ) the included lens cap is very loose on the camera . 
though the instruction booklet says that the camera should display " lens " when the cap and the camera are both on , the camera lens extends out and simply takes the lens cap off by itself . 
i 'm concerned that with the easily removed lens cap , i may damage the lens . 
very cheaply made . 
this camera is worth every penny , and i highly recommend it ! 
another point of note : the battery life is incredible ! 
i did not have a backup battery , and had no need for one . 
i did have ability to charge it every night , so do n't know how long it would have actually gone before dying . 
this camera will stay with me for years ! 
i 've only had it a week , but so far , everything about this camera is making me happy . 
forget the fact that it 'll probably take me a year to figure out all the features this camera has to offer . 
i 've been able to change modes on this thing without even looking at the manual . 
very intuitive menus are a big plus on this camera . 
i charged it up the day i got it , took a bunch of pictures and i do n't think the battery indicator has budged from fully charged . 
the standard battery include with the g3 is a camcorder battery that will allow me to take pictures all day without worrying about charging . 
i was worried about this after seeing a friend change batteries on his olympus after about 20-30 pictures . 
the optical zoom is awesome , and the viewfinder reflects the settings of the zoom . 
one little minor flaw with this camera is that the lens is visible in the viewfinder , but does not detract from the image at all . 
as i said , this is the last digital camera i 'll buy , and if you are in the market one , my advice is to buy the best thing you can afford and keep it forever . 
these things may get a lot better in the future , but from what i 've seen in the last few years , the technology for digital cameras is n't advancing at the pace of pc 's , phones and hard drives . 
the best 4 megapixel/4x optical zoom camera available and fairly easy to use . 
highly recommended . 
for more info on digital cameras , go to dpreviews . 
because this camera is beautiful . 
the g2 was slightly curvy with a champagne finish -- very homely . 
the g3 looks like a work of art ! 
its silver magnesium finish is stunning , and the sharp lines and excellent grip are better than any other camera i 've seen . 
the little digital elphs were the best-designed , most-elegant cameras until the g3 came along and squashed them . 
best camera ever . from the image quality , color , function , i can say almost everything . 
this camera has a cool stitch pictures feature , to find out more just log on to canon 's website . 
i had an olympus digital camera before and it was nothing compared to this . 
for those of you who already bought this camera , i suggest you buy a hi-ti dye-sub photo printer . 
this camera has none of these flaws and will be something you 'll use all the time . 
my wife shuns all new technology and compained when i brought this home , but now she 's forever asking for the digital camera . 
and i let my kids shoot as many pics as they want , let them review them on the camera and just print the good ones ( which are not many ) . 
get the canon 850 printer and an ex flash . 
in short , i have a new slr with an expensive lens and several film point and shoots . 
i have n't used any of them since i got the g3 . 
unless your a professional , now you will need only one camera . this one . 
however , for a $ 600 - $ 800 budget , i think this camera is an excellent choice . 
it has a beautiful design , lots of features , very easy to use , very configurable and customizable , and the battery duration is amazing ! 
also , the display is " hinged " and it can be placed in a myriad of positions , or to protect it against any damage . 
excellent idea ! 
one bad thing is that it comes with a pitiful 32mb compactflash card , and for most purposes , it is not enough . 
however , it seems that this is the general rule for most digital cameras . 
another good thing is that this camera seems to introduce much less noise in dark places than others i 've seen . 
it surpasses my greatest expectations in a 4mp camera .. 
the g3 has most if not all of the features that you would want from a semi-pro / pro slr with a good range of manual options for those who know something about photography . 
in the hands of someone who does n't , it will yield good results on idiot program / auto mode . 
my wife , who has never used a camera before , picked it up and soon got the hang of the fact that if you do n't like what you have created you just delete and try again . 
the photos she took are better than the results i got from my nikon slr and range of lenses ! 
this is a big plus for those who a shifting to digital and the g3 's large mobile screen helps with this . 
negative points : 
the included memory card is too small . 
go out and get a 256meg card , it 's worth the expense . 
the image quality is excellent . 
messing around with images in photoshop ( a supplied software package ) and printing them on a good printer , yielded excellent results . 
unless you are making posters , a g3 is more than good enough . 
range of functions - as indicated above - it has something for everyone : point and shoot power plus advanced functions for those who are serious about photography . 
please note that this is the first digital camera i have owned or used . 
a lot of my opinions are more relevant for those who are switching from film . 
i did extensive research before chosing the g3 but there 's nothing like picking one up and playing with it first . 
the macro works great for medical photographs and the auto mode is terrific for point and shoot . 
i 'm glad canon decided to keep the 4mp resolution and improved upon it with new technology ; 
i can 't fit all that resolution ( 4mp = 2272x 1704 resol . ) in my 19in flat monitor ( 1200x1024 resol . ) anyways . 
please go to read dpreview.com and you 'll get the complete story . 
my story is based on personal usage . 
the pictures are fabulous and their is a ( short ) learning curve to it ; there are tons of features i have n't even gotten to . 
in terms of the important accessories , i got myself an the extra litium battery . 
based on my used , 1 full charge was enough for at least 255 shots . 
i also got myself a 512mb viking compact flash ( enough for 255 shots at full 4mp resolution and max picture quality ) and a used $ 250 3lb subnotebook with usb connection and tons of hard drive space for long trips so i can verify what i 've taken and that subnotebook also saves me from having to buy extra compactflash . 
the compact flash is delicate and i hate to swap it in fear on the connetions ( camera and cf ) bending ( can lead to cf erros ) or losing it . 
anyways , canon has improved upon the g2 with this g3 . 
it 's a winner . 
i 've been pleased with the picture quality and durability in snow , car , boat and wind . 
my only suggestion is to get a lens protector to help protect the shooting lens ( the lens coating will wear out after so many clean wipes ) and i 'm getting the those ( 52 mm adapter and uv lens filter ) at lensmateonline.com . 
they got the best lens adapter for the g3-better than canon 's . 
that 's what i did and hopes this helps . 
the moveable lcd screen is great . 
you can take pictures with the camera held above your head , way down , or beside you with no problem , allowing you to position the camera for the best shot without contorting yourself . 
the tiny ( postage-stamp sized ) remote unit is wonderful : not only does it trigger the shutter , it can also be used to zoom and review pictures . 
i also purchased a good sturdy tripod : the combination of the new camera , tripod and remote control enabled me to take some remarkable indoor , natural-light portraits i never would have attempted before . 
the hot shoe flash attachment allowed me to buy and use a sophisticated flash unit : 
i chose the canon speedlite 420 . 
this has made the greatest difference in the quality of my photographs : the built-in flash on any of these cameras gives you flat photos , red-eye , and annoying shadows ; a good add-on flash unit can be bounced off the ceiling or wall for pleasing , almost-natural lighting . 
i needed three batteries to keep myself going with the s330 , but the battery in the g3 is a real powerhouse : 
i shot over 300 photos at my goddaughter 's birthday party without switching out to my backup battery . 
the g3 has a different type of battery charging system from the smaller canon cameras : the battery needs to be charged while in the camera , but the charging system also enables you to use the camera while plugged in without running down the battery . 
i have yet to try using all of the adjustment options : shutter priority , aperature priority , light metering adjustments , etc. , but all controls are well thought out and and the manual is relatively clear . 
you can use this camera right out of the box on the automatic setting , or slowly get comfortable with the manual settings and what they can do . 
negatives ? 
i 've been bothered by blown-out highlights on the s330 , and the g3 seems to do only slightly better . 
( i 'm starting to think that this may just be one of the weaknesses of all digital photography at this level . ) 
the on-off button feels somewhat flimsy , and has an awkward , tiny little lock-out button that needs to be depressed to turn on the camera . 
and the body / construction in general has quite a bit of plastic , a disappointment after the stainless steel heft of the s330 . 
i bought a 512 mb card , which seems to hold about 400 photos at the highest resolution . 
i was worried that 4 megapixel photos would download more slowly , but there 's no difference in working with the files . 
i have a 120 gb remote drive i use to store my digital images : 
i can imagine that they 'd fill up my ibook 's internal memory pretty quickly . 
at the same time i purchased this camera i also bought adobe 's photoshop elments 2.0 software , and can 't praise it highly enough . 
if you 're investing in a camera at this level , buy this software ! 
and as i said in my review of the s330 , all of these digital cameras are easier to use with apple computers . 
the bottom line : if you 're serious about your digital photography , or been bitten with the bug after using a digital point-and-shoot , this may be just the camera for you . 
but make sure to buy a tripod and separate flash unit at the same time : you 'll see the difference in your photos immediately . 
added 2-24 . 
i 've now had the camera for two months and i 'm even more pleased with it . 
i wound up buying a gray card and use it all the time with the custom white-balance setting . 
it helps avoid the problem of a color cast on the pictures , especially in mixed-light settings . 
if you do n't have a gray card , you can use a plain white piece of paper . 
i also discovered the exposure-bracket setting , which enables you to take three exposures with one press of the shutter : the first at the camera-determined exposure , then one lighter and one darker . 
especially useful with portraits and difficult-to-meter situations . 
i did buy the telephoto lens ( and the required extension ) . 
very easy to use . 
i 'll probably also get the wide-angle now , too . 
very comfortable camera , easy to use , and the best digital photos you 're going to get at this price . 
all-in-all , i believe this is arguably the best non-slr digital camera on the market . 
simply , the canon g3 is the best digital camera out there today at this price point . 
the canon allows you to change lenses , and it accepts the ibm microdrive ( type ii compact flash ) , so you can have up to 1 gigabyte of storage . 
for me on the fine resolution setting ( not maximum but very close ) this adds up to over 1000 images with the 1 gig card . 
the battery life of this camera is twice that of the nikon 5000 and is better than anything else i 've seen . 
the only minor nits i have with the camera are it is fairly boxy looking , it needs a wrist strap instead of a neck strap , and it is a bit slow between shots . 
even with these shortcomings , i still think it is the best digital camera available under $ 1200 . 
definetely a great camera . 
proven canon built quality and lens . 
feels solid in hand . 
rather heavy for point and shoot but a great camera for semi pros . 
