while , there are flaws with the machine , the xtra gets five stars because of its affordability . 
like it 's predecessor , the quickly revised nx , this player boasts a decent size and weight , a relatively-intuitive navigational system that categorizes based on id3 tags , and excellent sound ( widely known to be better than ipod - not surprising considering the number of years creative has been in the audio peripheral business ) . 
the xtra improves upon the zen nx with a larger , now-blue backlit screen , which is infinitely better . 
further , the xtra doubles the maximum filecount capacity to 16000 mp3 . 
this is especially useful for those who listen mostly to pop music and store all those short ditties . 
when compared to the ipod the zen xtra falls short , but only by a bit . 
yes the ipod is smaller , but not $ 200 worth , which is the premium you 'll pay for an equivalent capacity model . 
yes , the ipod looks in tune with the carefully articulated urban-hipster persona thats become popular as of late , but sure-as-hell is n't worth the $ 200 premium ( unless you are just dying to match your music player with that volkswagen beetle and urban outfitters wardrobe ) . 
for me , i 'll save that cash for another purchase . 
i chose this one because from what i read , it was the best deal for the money . 
another reason i got it is because you can put wma files on it . 
that takes up half the space of mp3 's . 
that 's important because i have a lot of music . 
the software is great . 
you can sort your music by artist , title , album , or genre , and you can play music based on those categories . 
transfering is easy , the software makes everythig pretty easy . 
even the battery life is great - it advertises 14 hours , it 's actually a little less but still good . 
only 1 problem , no accessories ... yet . 
i hope it 's because it 's new and they are not out yet , but being without a remote is hard . 
they player 's interface itself is also very easy to use . 
can 't complain and i recommend it over all the other players , just hope that remote will come out soon . 
much cheaper than i-pod good looking player ( beautiful blue back-lit screen ) if you 've read about the player , some have complained about the lack of a viewing hole for the face when the case is on , but this is good because the face does n't get damaged / scratched fast transfer rate 
no issues as of yet 
cons : 
at 8 ounces it is pretty light but not as light as the ipod . 
the battery is replaceable ( a real plus ) and there is a leather case ( another real plus ) . 
i suppose that you could jog with it but it seems to be made for the enjoyment of music . 
so far the software for the pc works easily . 
by the way , it looks nice also . 
the scroll wheel is a big improvement over the ipod touchpad . 
it could be a little bit bigger , but it 's easy to get used to . 
the included leather pouch is a big plus : it actually protects the unit well , something a lot of ' carrying cases ' fail to do with other audio devices . 
other plusses : changable battery , loads of presets for environments , decent construction , still quite small and light despite being slightly bigger than an ipod . 
( did i mention you can actually change the battery ? hello ? apple ? are you listening ? ) 
i probably would have liked to have a player in something other than silver / metallic ... like the battery adapters on their usb thumbdrive ( muvo nx ) mp3 player models . 
since the front plate is removable to access the battery compartment , aftermarket alternate covers would not be difficult or expensive to make . 
overall : small , sounds great , and less expensive than apple 's overpriced ipod ! 
( batteries last longer too ! ) 
the creative labs zen xtra has all the features the i-pod has and if you get if from amazon your only going to pay $ 300 for this great player . 
i 've had it for about 2 weeks and it 's the best player i 've seen , and used , ever . 
the music is easy to get to ( all of the menus are easy to understand despite what alot of i-pod owners say ) and if you know how to search for an artist by name online , then you can do the same with the zen . 
the screen is very easy to read and the blue light is bright enough to read at night , but dim enough so it does n't blind you when you stare too long . 
all in all this a great player that blows the i-pod away , with easy to use and understand features , software that is simple to understand and use , and a great sound ( which is all that matters in a mp3 player ) . 
just get some new headphones and your set . 
it 's a very intuitive program . 
i had no problems following their installation instructions . 
the menus are very easy to navigate . 
the only complaint i have is that when you push in the scroll wheel to select , you have to push straight in or it sticks . 
the other controls are all very easy to use . 
it has several play options , one of the best is an option to shuffle , based on all or a certain playlist . 
the only downside i see is that it does n't look like you can manage playlists from the nomad , it has to be done from the computer . 
unlike the ipod , this is fully windows compatible and can be used right out of the box . 
for ipod you have to buy a cable and it is n't compatible with all windows pcs. 
other than that this thing is great ... 
enjoy ! 
the zennx will keep running for the price of a replacement battery , just like any other battery-powered appliance . 
deficiencies with zennx are easily overcome with 3rd-party earphones ( $ 20 + ) and software ( $ 25 ). 
notmad by red chair software is an explorer-based program that enables simple drag-and-drop transfer of music files from pc to zennx . 
i love my new nomad , its great ! 
now i dont have to lug around 80 cds if i dont know what i 'm going to want to listen to biking home . 
lookthis thing , while looking pretty cool , is not as sexy as the ipod . 
for some this might be a problem , but for the price of a 30 gig ipod , you can get a 60gb nomad , the ipod simply pales in comparison . 
the software is very easy to use , and within 30 minutes of opening my box , i was out and about listening to any one of my 80 cds . 
the free ( i didnt know they still did that ) carrying case is really protective , and to me its the only accessory you need ( except good headphones ) . 
on the subject of headphones , this thing seems like a normal mp3 player when you use the headphones they give you in the box , but invest 30 dollars in a nice pair and the sound quality goes up through the roof ! 
if you want a sexy , cool , accessory-availible mp3 player , by all means , get an ipod for a hundred dollars more ( or one for the same price that holds 1/3 of the music ) . 
but if you want a great deal and a great mp3 player , get the nomad . 
so easy to set up , had some problems with my archos . 
stayed up all night trying to figure out that thing . 
just easily drag and drop files into the nomad explorer and from there you easily alter id tags and sort your music according to your liking , by artist , song title , genre , etc. 
all the buttons & neccessary lil ' gadgets are on the sides of the player which is nice for when you are holding it in the palm of your hand . 
the sound quality is also nice ... after i hooked up my sony headphones instead of those factory earbuds it comes with . 
lots of sound options , has an equalizer almost like winamp with the options . 
navigation is so smooth and finding files is a cinch . 
also navigating while playing music is a plus unlike my previous player . 
it was impossible to do so before . 
oh , and the screen saver feature is pretty sweet ^ _ ^ 
another plus in my book , no file limits ! 
i was limited to 999 files in a playlist with archos ' os , now i can have as many as i want . 
i have over 2000 files in my playlist at the moment and the random does a nice job mixing it up . 
i really do recommend this to anyone in need of a new player . 
in fact , my boyfriend is now going to invest into one of these suckers as well ... now he realizes that this is the best choice over his current archos and the ipod he was eyeing . 
compared to everything else in this category , this is most definately the best bang for the buck . 
i gave the zen 5 stars because it 's excellent for the class that it is in and it 's not really appropriate to rate it based on players in a different class . 
my personal favorite is the karma ( i currently own a karma , a zen usb 2.0 , a philips hdd100 , and an upgraded 60 gig archos jukebox recorder ). 
i guess that 's why you so often see " ipodders " bashing every other player out there ( very often not knowing anything about them the whole " i spent $ 120 more for something not any better and so should you ... so i can feel better " thing . 
i love this player . 
its great . 
i love this player and would probably go with creative labs again . 
the software was great , as long as you have an adminstrative user account ( windows xp ) . 
i got every song i had downloaded to the player within a day or so . 
it only took about 30 minutes to download everything , and that was about 950 songs . 
anyway , this player is a great deal and i really love it . 
people also have complained about the case not having a window , but that 's not really a big deal to me either -- the case is sturdy and offers very good protection . 
the sound quality is excellent ( and i 'm fussy with that stuff ) , the unit looks cool , screen is bright and easy to read , and the replaceable battery means a major advantage over the ipod ( besides the price , but everyone knows that ) . 
you of course have some good customization options with the unit as well ( sound presets , navigating options , playlists , etc ) . 
i just put it on " shuffle " , sit back , and enjoy the eclectic mix that almost 3,000 tunes offer ! 
the only thing i 'm concerned about is the quality / longevity of the buttons on the thing . 
my " fast forward " button works , but it takes a little extra pressure on it to make it go . 
not an urgent issue , as it still works .. . 
all other buttons are pretty sensitive to touch and work well . 
i 'll have to see if this becomes a problem down the road . 
but i 've already emailed creative tech support about it , and gotten timely responses - they will fix it for me if necessary .. . 
we 'll see if i need them to . 
sure , it 's a little bigger than the ipod , but not by much . 
this is not the unit you should use if you go jogging anyway . 
it still fits in the palm of your hand , and it 's not heavy . 
i use mine at the office , in the car ( with a cassette adapter ) , and will be taking it on a flight back east for the holiday . 
yes . 
get better headphones . 
rip your tunes at 192kb if you like , alhthough 128kb sounds just dandy , and you 'll get more tunes stored on it . 
bottom line ... great product , unbeatable price . 
i got mine for $ 160 less than the ipod 30gb ( got an extra $ 30 off for applying for an amazon visa ... thanks amazon ! ) 
basic shipping was a bit slow , but that 's okay . 
i got it now , and i 'm diggin ' it . 
the eax mode that keeps the volume at the same level for any song will come in handy when i take my holiday plane rides . 
all in all though i 'm very happy with my new mp3 player . 
i 'll admit that i 'd own an ipod if i had money to burn , but for the money this is a much better buy . 
highly recommended ! 
i purchased the nomad jukebox zen xtra 40gb and it is fantastic ! 
i found using the supplied mediasource software very easy . 
if you have always on internet or are logged into the internet you can use the feature that will download the album & song id information ( this is a free service ) with the click of a button . 
ripping your songs and creating playlists could n't be any easier . 
i found using mediasource to load your songs to the nomad jukebox to be much easier and faster than using windows explorer . 
just highlight the songs you want to transfer from your playlist or music library then click one button and it 's done ! 
being a creative product the playback quality is unbeatable . 
i use my own mid-priced headphones rather than the enclosed earbuds . 
the sound quality with jazz and pop music is equally superior . 
actually using the nomad jukebox is easy and uncomplicated . 
finding a particular song ( s ) or album on the nomad jukebox is fast and easy . 
i like to play my music by album and the nomad jukebox plays the songs in the same order as the actual cd . 
the high resolution screen is easy to read and has a backlight . 
i can highly recommend this product because of its ease of use ( hardware and software ) , playback quality and value for the price . 
all reviews i 've seen seem to indicate that the creative mp3 jukeboxes have the best sound quality of these 2nd generation jukeboxed ( ipod , archos , dell , samsung ) . 
the eax settings are somewhat superfluous but not really a negative . 
i 've tried the belkin fm transmitter unit with it & it worked well when i set it on top of a portable radio , but was awful trying to use in the car which is somewhat of a disappointment . 
dislikes 
i must have differing preferences than others here , as i prefer the supplied earbuds to the sony 's that i thought sounded good on other players . 
i love the storage in this thing . 
i have 100 of my cd 's transferred and have n't made a dent in the 30 gb drive . 
i doubt i will use half of the storage capacity , but you never know . 
this is definitely opening up possibilities to obtaining mp3 's in which i would have never purchased the cd . 
now my dissapointments . 
the description of the warranty is buried on the supplied set up cd . 
the warranty is 90 days . 
this is my second creative labs mp3 player , and it is definitely a fine product . 
first let me give you the bad things : 
first of all the player 's sound quality is superior to the ipod . 
the player 's software is very easy to use and very good . 
compared to musicmatch , the software has a better filing system and easier to use . 
this thing seriously is a good player though . 
2 ) storage capacity 
3 ) user replaceable battery 
cons : 
the price compared to the ipod is great . 
price , along with the replaceable battery ( which i understand apple charges a small fortune to replace - as well as the hassle of returning it ) were the two main factors on why i picked the nomad . 
one word of caution with regards to using the nomad with itunes . 
i discovered this weekend that itunes does not sell mp3 's in the mp3 format . 
it using something called ac3 ( at least the trial song i purchased was in this format ) which is not a compatible format for the nomad . 
i have n't figured out if this is the case for all the songs on itunes . 
but for now it appears that this player does n't play well with itunes . 
scroll bar : 
i 've had no problems with the software . 
the sound from the player is ok . 
this thing is great , i like to use it to pick up tough stains on my countertop and also to listen to my old 8-track records . 
sometimes when i get really lonely , i like to put on some kenny g and light some candles , and while this does n't help , i am a capitalist pig and like buying things too , nah mean ! ? 
i did have some problems figuring out how to turn the unit on , but creative did a good job with this , as they had a clearly labled " on " button that i found when i left my cellar for the first time in years . 
there was very little light in there . 
anyway , im gon na go find dennis now , have a nice day ! ! ! 
for the price and features it is really good . 
one thing , before buying this player i have called the creative tech. support and asked them if i can navigate by folders beside artist / album and answer was yes . 
sure enough there is no such ability . 
not sure , if customer rep. did not know the product exactly , it is still new or they just give an anser which users would like to hear . 
in any case , navigation by artist / album is ok however i miss an ability to navigate by folders . 
the 30gb zen xtra rocks my socks , spills my beer , but does n't wash my car . 
so what ? 
i can do that myself . 
longer battery life , greater accessibility to online music services , and pc compatibility are the sensibilities . 
the visceral teases include the case , the sound quality , and the capacity . 
i have n't checked the resilience of my xtra yet , and do n't plan to . 
however , if anyone has participated in violent or extreme sports while using their zen , please share your experiences . 
i 'm considering using mine as a distraction to winter boredom in the paintball fields . 
it can get pretty lonely out there . 
i just purchased this player and i have to say that i love it . 
i just bought this player today and i already love it . 
otherwise , this player is awesome ! 
it has a clear blue light that allows you to see everything on the screen easily . 
the volume range is great , so you can blast it if you want . 
overall , this player is awesome and i definately recommend it . 
compared to other leading hdd mp3 players , the value per gb is the tops . 
- price : see above . 
- sound quality : excellent , everything you would expect from this company . 
although the supplied software can be annoying at times , on whole it is excellent . 
i have uploaded about 3,000 songs now with very minimal difficulty . ( it 's fast too ! ) 
btw , be sure to have your mp3 tags labled correctly , as this will ensure a great organization . 
- the unit itself its well structured , with just the buttons you need and none you do n't . 
as often mentioned , the scroll tab is average , however , not difficult to use or horrible . 
structurally , everything is secure and it wo n't fall apart on you . 
the screen is large , defined , and easy to read , and the silver unit is naturally cool . 
there are lots of interesting features included such as eax , and customization . 
- the replacable battery is great since once it eventually wears out ( as all lithium batteries do ) , you will be able to buy another easily . 
ipod users have to send theirs back and pay $ 100 for a replacement . 
also , the nomad 's 14 hours of battery life versus 8 is handy . 
- equipment included is average , but that is n't a big deal since thats not what you are buying it for . 
the case is strong and stylish , but unfortunately lacks a window ( now a big deal ) . 
the headphone earbuds are average , so just use your regular pair instead . 
conclusion : 
this player is an ideal purchase . 
there is n't need to get in details again , but just remember it rocks because : price , sound , ease of use , and features . 
i would recogmend this player to anyone i know , and you will not be dissapointed . 
the zx boasts superior sound quality than the ipod , however it compromises a bit of the unit 's size in doing so . 
the lcd is larger than the previous model , the nx , and has a bright blue backlight which illuminates the screen more successfully than the nx 's green backlight did . 
the scroll wheel is easy to use and works great for me , however many have complained that the wheel is cumbersome and difficult to operate . 
the sound is excellent as one would suspect from a creative product . 
the included eax support is useful at times , especially when you listen to a variety of genres , as it will adjust the equalizer for you which can be a big hassle . 
the environmental audio , however , is almost completely useless and has made most of my songs sound worse than without it ( i encode my songs at 192-256 kbps without variable bit rates . ) 
the signal to noise ratio ( the ratio of detectable , useful data to unusable garbage in , say , a radio wave ; a larger stn ratio is better ) is nice and high at 98 decibles , and it should be noted that apple refuses to release the stn ratio of any of the ipods . 
the software has n't been a hassle for me at all . 
i ignored the instruction booklet ( as i do with any product ) and figured out how to organize separate playlists within minutes . 
my sister was able to figure it out on her own as well , and she is of average computer competence . 
the less computer-saavy might find apple 's software a bit friendlier , though ( i use it at a friend 's house and it does do a lot more for you . ) 
lastly , the price is fantastic : 
i spent $ 269 for my 30gb zx , compared to the $ 299 for a 10gb ipod and the also expensive iriver ihp-120 . 
for prospective buyers , i would warn of the following : 1 ) purchase a better pair of headphones as soon as possible , as earbuds sound terrible and are terribly uncomfortable ( this applies to earbuds in general , ) and 2 ) make sure that your mp3s have id3 tags on them , that when when they are loaded into the playlist they will automatically sort themselves . 
if you want great sound quality , do n't want to spend an arm and a leg per-gigabyte , do n't mind being something of an iconoclast among many ipod users , and are willing to sacrifice a few cubic centimeters of your personal space for a large discount , then i would suggest the zen xtra for you . 
usb 2.0 - very fast 
but the sound is very good ( and loud ) and works well on my portable speakers . 
and for those that are intrested the recharger works anywhere in the world ( and is quite small ). 
very simple to use . 
the reason it does not get 5 stars 
all in all suprisingly easy to use . 
excellent sound - i found the music reproduced faithfully through the jukebox . 
there was no distortion and it sounded great , especially with eax environmental audio enabled . 
transfer through windows explorer - windows recognizes the jukebox as an additional hard disk , so it allows you to simply drag and drop files from windows explorer to a folder for the nomad . 
i found this to be a much easier method of transferring my music to the nomad than using their software . 
however , it does n't register instantly as a hard drive like other players . 
you have to install the software to the computer you 're transferring to , instead of just connecting it with a usb connection . 
this would have been much easier . 
the nomad can hold any type of file , not just mp3 , so you can use it as a portable hard disk . 
i found it very useful for transferring large files to another computer . 
this almost made it worth the price alone . 
i was able to easily copy 2gb worth of video files from my computer , and then transfer them to a friend 's . 
huge storage space - even at 320kbs , you can store a ton of songs on this thing . 
30gb is more than enough for most people . 
having usb 2.0 makes for very fast transfers . 
it only took me about 10 seconds to transfer a 200mb file . 
it took maybe 15 minutes to transfer 1000 songs . 
cons : 
navigation system - the zen xtra uses id3 tags that are embedded in the mp3 files to organize your songs . 
this is great as long as all of your music have id3 tags , and if you 've downloaded your songs off the internet , many probably do n't . 
it would have been much easier to use a windows explorer style navigation system . 
you can 't simply open up a folder from the player and play all the songs in it . 
whe you transfer your songs to the jukebox , it dumps all of them into a single folder , and then sorts them by the id3 tags. 
fm receiver - it has none . 
i would be nice to have a simple fm receiver so i could pick up local stations . 
that way i could get rid of a walkman alltogether . 
cheap construction - they should have made the player out of hard plastic and put some rubber on the corners . 
the player feels very delicate , as if i 'm holding an actual hard drive . 
i 'm not sure if it would survive a fall from 3 feet . 
as a portable player , it should feel a bit more durable . 
the top of the player is a thin metal piece that covers up the battery and is removable . 
i could crush this thing in half with two fingers if i wanted to . 
this is not a player you can take jogging . 
the songs do n't play one after another like on a cd . 
you have to add them to the playing list . 
i can 't simply bring up my entire list of songs , click play , and then hit next . 
you have to add all the songs to a play list . 
there is probably an easier way to do this , i just have n't found it yet . 
i use it for ripping cds , which it does a pretty good job of . 
the buttons and interface are very easy to use . 
simple click buttons , back buttons volume and display are very easy to read , access and use . 
but the major problem i had was with the software . 
you are not able to simply import files , but rather you have to go through multiple steps to find them . 
the instructions that come with it do n't explain how to make things simple . 
i have found that the interface on the nomad is very easy to use if you have a basic knowledge of a computer . 
also the ipod has games on it . 
games are ok for a cell phone , but mp3 's are for music . 
the software installed flawlessly and without any problems on my windows 2k machine . 
the headphones are n't the best , but you can really expect much out of the small headphones you insert in the ear cavity . 
the battery life seems good , takes very lttle time to charge , it uploads mp3s quickly and there is no delay between songs . 
took me a few tries to get use to the navigation , but it 's a very user friendly player imo . 
i have n't messed with the firmware at all , the player worked perfect for me right out of the box . 
all-in-all , this is another excellent creative product . 
if you have the money and need 40 gb , this is the player for you . 
it 's small , light and nice looking and the display is decent as well . 
i would recommend this product to anyone . 
before asking for the zen xtra specifically for christmas i researched many different mp3 players but finally decided on this one , and now that i have it i could n't be happier and i 'm convinced it 's the best one out there . 
many people have written about the software being its one downfall , personally i have n't had a single problem with the software , i 'm running windows me . 
the cd ripping to mp3 is so easy , and you can even rip the cd directly to the mp3 player , so it wo n't take up space on your pc hard drive . 
the software runs smooth , it 's nice to look at , it 's very organized , easy to follow and makes things very simple . 
the controls on the player are very simple , no need for a manual . 
the player is fast and sounds great , it also has many options like slowing or speeding up the music , or making it sound like you 're hearing the music in a huge auditorium . 
the battery lasts very long when playing music , but writing files to the player drains the battery fast , so you need to have it plugged into an outlet when sending files . 
playlists can be made on the fly , without aid of a computer , and you can use play modes like shuffle and repeat for your ' now playing ' selections or playlists . 
the software could n't be better and the mp3 player works like a dream , i could n't give this anything but a 5 , i wish there was a 6 . 
well i have to say that this product is very good i mean it might be a little big but it still fits in your pocket . 
well surely this is a product that i recommend someone in getting rather than any other mp3 player ( at that size and the price ) . 
well just one con - its not really plug and play at first i mean its very confusing to start the program but one you do it , it will be a breeze . 
enjoy . 
it hasnt gone below the second notch ( i charge mine whenever i 'm at home and not using it ) , so the battery life seems fine ( so far ). 
software : for the people who complain about software , please , stop complaining . 
once you hook the thing up to the computer ( via the usb cable ) , the machine instantly recognizes the fact that it 's there & installs the drivers . 
from there , you transfer files from your computer to the mp3 player ( with the help of the media sniffer .. . read the manual ). 
oh ... and file transfers are fast & easy . 
the player : it 's silver . 
a little weighty ( 9 ounces ... no biggie ) , but otherwise fine . 
people complain about the scroll wheel , but its not a big deal at all ( though it is just a little annoying at times ) . 
it 's easy . 
the buttons are easy to use , and its easy to navigate . 
the big backlight makes things easy to see , and the writing is big enough for people to see . 
my favorite thing about the nomad is the eax feature . 
you can customize bass , etc. like usual , but also you can customize the sound of the player ( like how it would sound in a concert hall , jazz club , etc ). 
sound quality is amazing. i was expecting worse , but its really good ( especially if your files have good sound quality ) . 
you can also slow a song down & speed it up , which is cool too . 
but the earbuds suck ! 
buy new ones asap. every time you move your face or something they pop out . 
for a 250 dollar player , they could have thrown in nice headphones . 
a remote would have been cool too ... but lets not push it . 
oh ... one more thing . 
i have had the nomad jukebox for about three weeks now , and i am very happy with it . 
it 's only slightly heavier than the ipod , and has a longer battery life . 
the storage capacity is great for me -- 
i have a large but not huge cd collection and have loaded everything i want to listen to on it and still have 13 gigabytes free . 
the controls are somewhat harder to use than the ipod , but i have gotten use to them , and even at the beginning did not think would justify the huge difference in price . 
first , the zen lets you sync to more than one computer . 
the ipod is a one way only machine - from computer to player . 
the zen is an outstanding way to shuttle music between sources , you can 't do this on the ipod ( except for a cumbersome work-around using the ipod as a hard drive instead of a player ) . 
second , the " automatic " sync on creative lets you review the songs before it begins its transfer . 
since the ipod lacks this review feature on its auto-sync and it only allows one-way transfers , the first time i connected my ipod to my laptop , i wiped out the 20gb of music i had transferred from my desktop to the ipod . 
if the hard drive on your computer should fail , better have your music backed up somewhere or its gone ! 
the zen serves as a back-up device as well as a player . 
third , creative software allows you to keep two windows open to look at both the content on the player and the computer . 
only thing missing from creative is a cd burner . 
lastly , ipod / itunes will not play wma formatted songs . 
if you have a lot of those , be prepared to convert to mp3 . 
itunes does what apple is famous for , makes software that works for the less computer saavy . 
for those of us that like to tinker , i think creative offers some advantages . 
player controls : 
here 's where the ipod drives me nuts . 
the player controls are too easy to hit accidentally . 
if you happen to push the wrong button , you can wipe out the order of songs you had put in . 
the ipod also does not let you see what 's coming up next on the player . 
zen allows you to scroll up and down the song list selected on the player . 
it also lets you remove songs from the play order . 
if you bring up an album , but absolutely hate some of the tracks , the zen will allow you to delete that from the playing order . 
you have to skip to the next track when your hated song comes up with the ipod . 
lastly , you cannot manage anything on the ipod itself . 
while you can create a temporary playlist , you can 't store it permanently , delete songs , search very easily , etc. 
none of these features are available because of the ipod 's 1-way transfers - you cannot make changes on the ipod that are premanent . 
again , the ipod is a beautiful thing to look at and touch , player controls are less functional . 
i think the ipod versus zen typifies differences between apple and win machines . 
win software can be a little cranky , but much more easier to customize to your needs . 
with apple , you get a good product , but you get it the way apple wants you to have it . 
if i had to do this again , i might get the 40gb zen . 
the software is quick & easy to use & i found the entire process very easily mastered . 
overall it is a great unit & hopefully creative labs or some other vendor will soon come out with some accessories for it . 
it comes with a good case that fits it snuggly . 
i thought the software was decent enough - it was n't complicated to learn at all . 
the scroll button is sort of annoying to push - a nice button would be nicer but eh , not a big deal . 
it also stores data so i can see myself placing some data files on here . 
ive seen em all , the archos , dell , ipods , everything ... good price and great sound makes this one the best in my opinion . 
* slick-looking design and improved interface 
* removable battery 
cons : 
file transfers are fast , nearly a song per second via usb 2.0 . 
several people have complained of difficulty transferring multiple songs with the same title . 
this is possible ! ! 
since the zen xtra does not use a folder structure , the " duplicate name " problem stems from the actual file name , not from the song 's title / artist / album . 
solution ? 
simply configure the mediasource software ( or windows media player , or your ripper-du-jour ) to create file names that include artist and ( especially ) album names in addition to track names . 
using this method , i have not once encountered a situation where a track was rejected , and i have plenty of duplicate tracks on live and compilation albums . 
even if there happened to be identical track titles on the same disc , you could still edit the file name manually and get them both onto the player . 
to my ears , a 160 kbps wma file sounds just as good as the source cd , and the zen xtra sounds just as good as a portable cd player . 
no complaints there . 
the eax features are pretty cool , as well , as creative has included a number of eq adjustments that , for example , compensate for the extraneous noise encountered in a car or on a train . 
navigation could be better , but there is n't really anything the zen xtra can 't do once you 've gotten comfortable with it . 
at the end of the day , what i wanted was a large-capacity player which allows me to easily play any album from my collection wherever i go , and the zen xtra 's combination of price , capacity and features easily meets those criteria . 
the memory will hold an amazing amount of songs , my entire collection of cd 's will all fit on this great little tiny piece of digital fun . 
plusses are the easy to remove battery and the terrific sound produced by the nomad . 
the only two things that stop me from giving it 5 stars are the ho-hum software that comes with the system , and the traveling case it comes with . 
this is a powerful piece of equipment . 
it is great to no longer wonder what music i want to take with me for a cross country flight or a two week trip - now i just take everything . 
ripping the songs , even with my 1.1 usb connection is still very quick , and the quality is very good . 
considering the price and specs , this might be the best buy out there for a large memory mp3 player . 
before jumping on the ipod train , take a look at this marvel . 
first , the battery is replacable by the user , because creative intended it to be - unlike apple with the ipod . 
it was easy enough to remove the front plate , and there was only one way the battery could be inserted . 
creative also sells batteries via its website , so there 's no shipping off my player and waiting for it to be sent back to me with the new battery . 
the new organizer software that ships with the nomad zen xtra could n't be easier to use . 
point the " media sniffer " to your music files and let it do the rest . 
you can create playlists , drag & drop songs and playlists to your player , and rip directly from cd to your player . 
and with usb 2.0 , transferring music to your player is incredibly easy . 
you can also delete songs from the player itself , and create playlists - on the fly - on your player . 
the sound is great , and the volume is more than satisfactory for commutes and shutting out external noise . 
i thought i 'd have to buy a set of headphones to use with it , but the included earbuds work quite well . 
the sound quality is fantastic ( cd quality ) and it is really great to carry this around instead of stacks of cd 's or tapes ! 
it is exceedingly simple to navigate around in this device . 
+ screen was good , easy to read 
+ / - sound quality was good but it was going to take some tweakings with settings to try to make it great . 
- the software that came with it was tough to load . 
i got weird messages about it not being ok 'd by microsoft ( or something like that ) , then i thought it failed to load , then it loaded . 
the player is intuitive and outputs great sound quality . 
navigation is easy and i found that syncing files from the player to the computer ( and vice versa ) was easy too . 
many have complained about the software included but in my opinion it 's easy to use and effective . 
i love this player and am extremely happy with my decision . 
i cannot recommend it enough ! ! 
with my sennheiser 497 headphones , the volume is loud enough at 12 ( max is 20 ) . 
the player works well with my sony srs-a 202 powered speakers . 
2 ) the player user interface ( ui ) is intuitive to use , and allows easy navigation of a large or small collection . 
3 ) the nomad explorer ( winxp style interface ) works well to transfer files back and forth to use the nomad as an external although the tech support web-site states that the primary intended purpose of the player is as a player . 
the nomad explorer provide most of the functionality offered by 3rd party programs like notmad . 
4 ) usb 2.0 means fast data transfers ( 1 song / sec ! ). 
5 ) the cheap , user-replaceable battery ( $ 50 from creative ) is a great advantage over the ipod 's battery which costs $ 100 to replace . 
6 ) excellent battery life - 14 hours beats ipod 's . 
7 ) chic look and good build - the player comes in a compact form with a metal face plate . 
b. fast mediasource cd ripping - takes about 40 seconds for a cd on my pentium 4 pc ( 2.4 ghz with 1gb ram ) with 52x drive . 
c. i do love audio sync which allows a one-click synchronization between the player and the music collection on the computer . 
9 ) wake-up feature that allows you to set up the player to wake up and play selected music at a specified time . 
i have it connected to speakers for a nice musical alarm in the morning . 
10 ) multiple play modes - tracks in order of album , shuffle , etc. , is standard on all jukebox players but worth noting that the zen xtra is not deficient in this matter . 
11 ) minimal pause between songs - less than that on other devices - good achievement for a hard-drive based player 
12 ) big storage - my entire cd collection in one small device ( 5717 songs , 491 albums and counting ) ! 
cons : 
1 ) player is not plug and play - need to install nomad explorer first and mediasource to transfer files and i had to be patient as i was used to winxp detecting the player and dragging and dropping the music files into it . 
2 ) music organization is based on id3 ( by genre , artist , album , etc. ) and this can be a problem for older downloaded music files with missing or incorrect id3 information . 
this was not a problem for me as most of my collection was ripped from my own cds and i updated the id3 tags on my downloaded music . 
3 ) folders cannot be created for the audio files . 
this is unnecessary with id3 tags but people who like to organize their music in folders will not like the zen as the audio files do not allow subfolders but rely on id3 tags . 
the workaround is to update id3 tags on your files ( through mediasource ) but it can be a hassle if you have many such music files . 
4 ) no fm or voice recording - these would have been nice extras . 
5 ) lack of good accessories - this is more of an oversight of creative 's marketing . 
both creative and third-party powered speakers work great , as do third-party wireless transmitters . 
a dock is unnecessary as the charger and usb cable do the necessary . 
6 ) the case occludes the display screen when it is closed . 
i would have liked to be able to see what is playing without having to open the case . 
7 ) some people have problems with the flip switch on the bottom that releases the player cover - has not been an issue for me and is immaterial if you use the case as the case covers the switch . 
experience : 
once i got home with it i had to first install creative mediasource and figure out how it transferred files to the player . 
this required patience as i was used to winxp detecting the player and dragging and dropping the music files into it ( which i could do with my flash player ) . 
i did already have mediasource installed due to owning the creative audigy 2 soundcard but i did need to re-install it from the supplied cd as the older version did not have the connector to the zen . 
also , i downloaded the latest firmware upgrade and software updates . 
recommendations : 
1 ) buy an extended coverage if offered by the retailer as this device has moving parts and is essentially a portable hard-drive . 
2 ) buy a good pair of head-phones unless you already own one . 
3 ) use files with id3 tags - not a problem if your cds were ripped within the last year . 
4 ) a set of speakers and a wireless transmitter are accessories that will add to your player 's usability ( the latter will allow you to play it on your car radio , home receiver , etc. ) 
5 ) handle the player with care - it is not meant to be dropped . 
resources : http://www.nomadworld.com, http://www.nomadness.net 
pros summary : 
great sound ; good interface ; replaceable , powerful battery ; good software ; wake-up , sleep timers ; multiple play modes 
cons summary : 
not plug & play ; relies on id3 ; no fm or recording 
bottom-line : 
replacement battery is $ 50 compared to ipod 's $ 150 . 
cons : 
the combination of the price , storage size , and player features makes this player the best on the market . 
the biggest drawback that people have about the zen xtra is the software . 
fact is , it could n't be easier to use . 
these models now ship with creative 's mediasource program , which allows you to highlight the files on your computer that you want to add to your zen xtra , click a button , and transfer it straight to your player . 
assuming you have filled in all the id3 tags on your mp3s , you will not have any problem finding them on your zen xtra . 
sound quality on this is amazing , as with all creative products . 
the battery stays charged for a long time , and takes no more than 2 or 3 hours at most to fully recharge via the included ac adapter . 
connect the player to your computer ( via usb ) , open up mediasource , and you can listen to your stored mp3s as they stream directly from the xtra ! 
get those mp3s off your hard drive , save space , and enjoy your massive music library . 
awesome feature . 
usb 2.0 transfer is insanely fast . 
minor complaints : 1 ) even though the music is sorted via id3 tag on the player , the option to search for music contained in a folder is unavailable . 
that is , if a folder on your computer called " mp3 " has slayer ( thrash metal ) , stravinsky ( classical ) , and ice cube ( rap ) in it , you will only be able to play the contents of that folder by searching for the artists or genres manually . 
the zen xtra will transfer the files to the player , but not the folder name . 
not a big hassle as many would have you think . 
2 ) having unfilled id3 tags will cause music to be potentially placed in a folder called " unknown . " 
i would recommend against using id3v2 tags , and stick with id3v1 only . 
when the previous versions of the zens were shipped with musicmatch , people had this problem because musicmatch creates both sets of tags , which seem to confuse the zen xtra . 
take the time to fill in those tags ! 
easy enough to navigate through , although i 'd prefer a sturdier button besides the thumbwheel scroll / pushbutton . 
removable and cheap battery - a li battery usually works properly for 1-3 years . 
my friend has an i-pod for about 2 years and the battery has so so messed up . 
his i-pod can only play for a couple of hours with a fully recharging now . 
2 . 
value : comparing data storage with price . 
3 . 
size and style : 
the appearance is okayed ( at least not ugly ) . 
the size is small ( just a little bit bigger than an i-pod . ) 
4 . 
easy to use : a lot of reviews has mentioned about this 
con : 
the software , mediasource , cannot work on my pc . ( laptop , intel p4-2.0 , xp os ) . 
a tons of reveiws has reported this problem and the same here . 
in fact , each of my creative mp3 players had software problem in the first place . 
however , the creative lab did come out new update to fix their software problems . 
i am crossing my finger and wish they will fix the problem . 
ps : ( mediasource provides similar functions with ms mediaplay such like cd ripping , tagging , music database managing , music file transfering , and more ) 
now i use ms mediaplayer , musicmatch ( free downladed ) , and " explorer / my computer / grab files from disk c or d into the player " to replace the mediasource . 
in short , this player is good at size , value , hardware design but really bad at its software 
the display is awesome , you can see everything you want and read it clearly 
2 . 
huge storage space , i loaded my entire collection of music , which isnt that much , 400 songs , and still have 26 gb , out of the 28 provided to you . 
( 28 not 30 because software itself takes space ) . 
and those songs mostly are 320 kbps. 
3 . 
the sound is awesome , but if u put it too loud , depends on yoursound quality , the sound might crack . 
4 . 
with eax on , you can modify your sound , with 4 different presets , which is pretty good , you can get different variations with it . 
5 . 
if you use software correctly , put in all the id3 tags , you will get an awesome database collection , from which you can easily access your songs . 
you can also search for your song , which is good . 
6 . 
i dont know what other people are saying , but the software is awesome . 
you can easily access ur files , and easily fill in the id3 tags , which can take a while with a big collection of music , but if your not lazy , you will do it without a problem . 
and i read today that you can also have online fill out the id3 , so its not a problem . 
7 . 
battery recharge , is an awesome thing , because it recharges in only like 2-3 hours . 
8 . 
when you turn on your player , the player turns on really fast , and the music continues to play , as you left it when you were turning it off . 
9 . 
you can manage your profile , change the contrast of backlight , make different type of display , either list or tabbed . 
you can do other different things with it such as choose what kind of " now playing " interface , you can see the interface as modern or classical . 
there is an alarm , i still havent used it yet , but it should be good . 
there is a clock , and date , which can get helpful . 
10 . 
the player has firmware , which will remove the glitches , if there are any . 
11 . 
the music plays awesome , never skips , even if u run for a bit , so you can listen to music without interruption . 
cons : 
1 . 
the one and most major thing that i was dissapointed with , in this player , is the battery life . 
the product manufacturer promised me 14 hours , and what i recieved was 6-8 . 
5 hours max. i did it like this 
eax on : 6 hours eax off : 8.5 hours 
2 . 
the panel seems like it will come off very easily as other people have said . 
3 . 
you need the software to actually transfer files 
4 . 
the player has its minor glitches like for example when i turn it on , 60 percent of the time , it sais , shutting down , which means i have to turn off , and turn it on again , which is not to my likings . 
with 40gb of storage i have about 7,500 songs on the player ( everything music file i have is on there ) with room for about 2,500 more . 
a similarily priced 15gb ipod would n't have been nearly enough room . 
having my entire music collection is great when travelling ( both on plane and car trips ) and i do n't have to decide what to bring or copy onto the player -- it 's all there . 
having to copy / delete files would be time-consuming and is rendered a non-issue with 40gb of storage . 
the software interface supplied was very easy to use but i went ahead and got red chair 's " notmad " software because of some advanced features i wanted . 
the sound is great even with the supplied earbuds -- but i find earbuds uncomfortable so i use different headphones . 
on planes i use a splitter so two headphones can be plugged in for two people and the sound is equally good . 
sound settings can be adjusted for personal preference . 
accessing files by artist and album ( i mostly look things up by artist ) is easy and intuitive . 
possibly the biggest advantage this player has ( if price was n't enough ) is the fact that the user can replace the battery him / herself by opening the lid and popping in the new battery . 
since batteries do run out on everything , this will also be a big money-saver since ipods , irivers , rca , dell , all have built-in batteries that need to be replaced by a technician ( apple charges 100 bones for the battery replacement ) . 
try before you buy if at all possible : although i am a mac addict now for over a decade and everyone i know has previously bought an ipod , the nomad zen xtra was a far better value and is just as easy to use with regards to both hardware and software interface . 
i personally am not crazy about the looks of either the ipod or the nomad . 
the ipod 's white plastic look / surface does n't suit me . 
i like the nomad 's color better , but it 's not terribly flashy . 
the mini ipod 's look the best to me -- but with only 4gb there 's no way i would ever buy any mp3 player with a measly 4gb of storage . 
my advice to mp3 buyers : consider how much storage space you will need , then try and listen before you buy -- mp3 players can only fully evaluated by holding and listening to them . 
sound quality is wonderful , i really like the smart volume sound normalization . 
i quickly got to use to the interface and can find any song / playlist etc fast enough . 
i also liked the fact that you can save custom playlist you made on the player not just the computer ! 
cons . 
have had the player since xmass and love it ! 
pros : 
great sound , very long battery life ( i routinely play it for 12 + hours ) , very fast recharges rate , removable battery , storage size , nice screen , firmware updates , and great price . 
cons : 
short warranty ( 3 months , so i got the extended warranty at best buy ) , occasional freeze up ( easily fixed by popping out battery ) , somewhat flimsy navigation wheel . 
neutral : 
i did n't even try the included software . 
i just bought notmad manager ( $ 25 ) and file transfers are easy drag and drop , songs stored by id3 tags not by folders , needs to have software on computer to transfer files , no window on case ( nice case otherwise . 
for a price that 's still less than even the lowest level ipod i was able to get this 40gb monster , and the best part is it works as great as it was advertised to and then some . 
here are the pros and cons ( few there are ) in detail : 
look / design : 
the system is terrific in size and design , imo looking better than the ipods . 
it 's bigger , but people have grossly exaggerated the size differences - it 's only about half an inch longer and 1/3 inch thicker than the new-generation ipods . 
it 's very solidly built , and has a nice dense feel to it . 
i find all of the controls well-placed and not flimsy in the least . 
the scroll wheel is better than the ipod 's as well , in that you do n't risk giving yourself a cramp running your thumb around in circles endlessly - just a small nudge of the finger and you 're there . 
the screen 's large and easily read . 
the only beef i can raise in this regard is the pop-off face , that sometimes comes off a bit easily , but besides that it 's perfect . 
sound : exceptional , though i can 't really compare it to the ipod . 
from what i 've heard it 's at least equal . 
like others have mentioned , you can manage to hear new things in songs even though they 're on lower bit levels . 
there 's no so-called background hiss that i 've noticed , at least so far . 
interface - practically seamless . 
songs are recognized automatically by id3 tags , which at first i was against since i had organized my files by folder with a previous player from iriver . 
yet after ensuring that all the id3 tags are in order ( with the software which is actually not as bad as people make it out ) it actually turns out to be really handy . 
it 's a dedicated music playing device , anyway , so this serves it better . 
you can find any song quicky by an artist , album , or genre search . 
playlists can be generated on the fly ( which is a bit clunky but still a really nice bonus ) or by using the software , and there are a bevy of eq options . 
the only thing missing is an option to adjust the balance . 
software : 
as i mentioned before , the creative mediasource software is actually really robust despite what others have said , though notmad may still work better . 
it was no problem for me to use their software . 
some may complain that there 's no drag-and-drop capability , but what they should realize is that this is mainly a portable music player , not a computer accessory or hard drive . 
the software and design are geared towards enhancing the music experience . 
overall , i 'm giving this 5 stars as i 've seen nothing of the problems people have repeatedly cried havoc over , but as i 've only had the player for a while i leave room for doubt if the headphone jack , hissing , or scroll wheel problems show up with me too . 
so far , however , i 'm a very happy customer . 
please consider this much superior piece of equipment before plopping down half a grand for an ipod . 
honestly , i love this player . 
one horrible flaw , or mayybe more than one . 
