Other than that pictures taken in the dark are not as nice as I'd like them,
The flash is very weak.
Really dissapointing. If you are inside, you can't be any farther away then 10 feet in a lit room.
The last problem I found with this camera was the macro function.
The auto-focus on the camera seems to have trouble focusing on the subject.
To make matters work, there is no manual override to overcome this problem.
The focus is great, though, if you are not taking a macro shot.
These are all the flaws I found in the camera, 
Its size makes holding it steady for long a bit of a challenge (not enough camera body to grip with more than your finger tips).
2) The delay from the time you fully depress the shutter to the time the picture is taken is too long and may yield some fuzzy shots. 
This is due to the unusually slow autofocus system.
3) The lack of an intermediate resolution setting, as other reviewers have suggested, is a problem, but that problem is meaningless with a larger CompactFlash memory card
(I got a 64 meg card for $... and it holds 105 pics at 1600 x 1200 res).
4) The camera gets really hot when you are busy snapping away.
It is hot enough to be annoying.
Canon says it's normal. 
I have found it gets less warm with the LCD off.
I left the camera in my car in Maine (not a very hot place) and the LCD screen cracked !
I then realized a major design flaw.
All the camera's functionality is only available (or selectable) when the screen is functional.
When the screen stops working, you're out of luck !
The digital zoom is crap.
Turn it off. 
It fits in your pocket.
The closest competitor is the SONY DSC-P1 (3.3mp). 
But that camera is a little larger and you defeat the whole purpose of having a truly portable camera.
I take my camera everywhere. 
Tamrac makes a tiny pouch that is best for the camera. 
The front even has a zipper for an extra battery and your wallet stuff. 
I originally gave this camera 5 stars. When I had Windows 98 it was wonderful but I got a new computer last November with XP the usb software is Sooo... not compatible with XP
I have found however that you can just buy a card reader to solve this problem.
The new drivers on cannon's site do not help at all but try them if you want they have made me have to use the backup software.
The Adobe software also was wonderful in 98 but it will not let you print correctly with XP so you are forced to create your document then either print it from Windows or export it to another application.
But it takes gorgeous pictures for a 2.1 MP camera.
