In addition, I don't believe that it is odorless.
My daughter is only 4 months old and we do notice an odor.
I'm concerned that as she gets older the #2 diapers will only get worse.
The hole to put the diaper in needs to be larger as I am now using medium diapers (I have a 3 month old) and they're on the brink of being too large to fit no matter how compact I make then and how un-soiled they are.
I have no issues w/ odor but baby poop doesn't start to smell really bad till they start on soilid so odor will not be a problem no matter what till then and that's many many months down the road.
We resorted to using small plastic bags to store the dirty diapers and dumping them in a trash can and using the Diaper Champ for wet diapers only.
We also had a problem with diaper wipes getting caught when the top was flipped.
This eventually ruined the foam pad that is applied to the flip top to keep odors in.
I had to go and pull the crumpled foam out just so we could turn the lid.
The pluger gets stuck & you have to manually extract the mess.
For one thing, The diapers always get jammed in it.
The product also leaves a faint smell in the room.  
All in all, the Diaper Champ serves its purpose, but it does not live up to its good reviews.
I wash ours out with lysol each time I empty it, and that helps, but when its hot out- well, just be prepared.
That's when it went from Oderless, to ODEROUS!
Even when empty!
So, I took it to the tub, scrub it down with disinfectant.  
It still smelled.
So then I used straight bleach.  
That seemed to work -- for about 3 days.  
Then it started to smell whether there were diapers in it or not.
However, for the previous 13 months-this is what I encountered - PROS - 
Using your own bags is much cheaper and convenient.
The height is a more convenient reach than others, where you have to hunch over.
CONS - Difficult to open to change bag-twice my bags caught on a sharp edge inside and snagged as I was pulling out-leaving dirty diapers all over the floor.
Also, diapers tend to stay in the middle, causing the pail to get backed up.
Diapers can get stuck when turned around if you don't tightly wrap them first. 
My toddler thought rotating the  top was fun-he always wanted to play with it
 (Being a diaper pail, I'd prefer he not be enticed by something so unsanitary.)     
Also, diapers and wipes get stuck in the grove below the piston.
Large diapers have to be wrapped tightly. 
Don't buy the diaper champ.
You will be sorry after a few months.     
