Also, the battery's AREN'T USER REPLACEABLE.
 However, the Creative and iRiver players are (Rio's isn't), and they only cost around $30 to replace, while iPod charges shipping and technical support. 
The iPod's battery, 1.5 years. 
Yeah, pretty weak.
 Another thing you should know, the metal on the flip side of the iPod is very tacky, and scratches very easily.
 While all MP3 players are easy to scratch, the iPod is the worst of the Creative and iRiver.
 Also, not liking the gel case. 
iRiver's seems a lot more sturdier than the iPod's.
 FEATURES: Really, there aren't any features, unless you call the games a feature. 
There is no FM tuner, while there is no FM tuner on the Creative Zen (on the micro version of the Zen there is a tuner), the iRiver H10-20GB, the Rio Karma, and the iAudio X5 have FM tuners. 
 There is also no voice recording, something most if not all MP3 players have that the iPod doesn't.
 There is no photo viewing option, however, there is a 20 GB photo iPod, but it costs $20 more.
 There is an alarm and timer, but most MP3 players have this feature.
  EASE OF USE/DESIGN: The iPod is a very easy to use MP3 player, and if you can't figure this out, you shouldn't even own one.
The Click Wheel is a great design, something no one else came up with (however, the iRiver has a touchpad). 
I'm probably the only person that dislikes the iTunes software. 
I just don't like it, the weird thing is, I don't know why I dislike it.
 Maybe because it doesn't have a lot of skins to choose from like WMP, but then again, I dislike WMP as well because it's slow on my computer. 
Anyhow, adding music to the player is easy.
 BATTERY LIFE: Pretty medicore at 12 hours, the Creative, iAudio, Rio, and iRiver players last longer. 
 CUSTOMER SERVICE: Awful. Listen to this one, remember the battery statement I made earlier. 
If your battery dies and it's still under warranty, guess what, you're out of luck, because Apple doesn't cover the battery in the iPod warranty. 
They have the nerve to charge you $30 for a warrantied iPod.
 There technical service isn't helpful either; they just read what's on their website and charge you $50 (+ toll fees) to do it.
At least Creative and iRiver's only charge toll fees like most companies.  
OVERALL: I highly dislike the iPod, even though the sound quality and design is above-average. 
Maybe in their 5th generation they'll add features to the iPod. But for now, pleases don't buy this, and buy a Creative Zen or the iRiver H10-20GB instead. 
God Save Apple	 I have been an Apple person since 1984, when I got my first Mac. 
Since then, I have been a devotee of the elegant styling and functionality of all things Apple. 
The Ipod is a fine cousin to the early macs and current offerings from Jobs and Company. 
Long live Apple, long live Macs, and long live the Ipod!     
I have an ipod and it is a great buy. 
It holds a ton of songs and looks cool in the palm of your hand.
 Very sturdy and strong.
 Doesn't have alot of good games on it.
 the 20 gig because that holds 10,000 songs right there and that's alot of songs. 
buy it.      
iPod is brilliant, but service was awful
 Wow iPod. 
How did we listen to music before it?
This 20 gigabyte iPod by Apple Computer allows you to put up to 5000 songs onto it, in a choice of digital formats.  MP3, AAC, etc. 
The software with the iPod includes iTunes, which allows you to play the music on your computer, rip CDs onto your computer, and move your music from the computer to the iPod. 
iTunes is a great piece of software, and you can also buy songs from the iTunes Store at 99 cents per download. 
This new click wheel iPod allows you to navigate through the menus and song via a touch-wheel for scrolling and click-able buttons for selection.  
It allows fast and easy navigation.
 The backlit screen of the iPod is also easy to read. 
 The song quality of the iPod is excellent, and the included ear buds are actually more than satisfactory, for most users.
 The back of the iPod is in a chrome finish, and this surface is prone to scratches. 
It is best to protect the iPod in a case of some kind.
 Battery life keeps improving on the iPod, and a new iPod will give you up to twelve hours of play time, per charge. 
I use my iPod all the time. 
 You can also use it as an external hard drive to back-up documents, photographs, etc. 
The problem with my iPod. 
 The first one I received skipped songs randomly. 
 I had to send it in for repair, and it took six weeks to get a replacement back to me.
 I actually had to contact Apple's Vice-president, in order to get the situation resolved.  
However, he quickly helped me, and I have been enjoying my replacement 20 gigabyte click-wheel iPod for several months now. 
Thank you Apple!  You make fabulous products. 
 The product I rate five stars, 
but I had to give you four because the service for my brand-new iPod was terribly slow.
 However, you should still buy an iPod!
 The chances of getting a flawed one is very small indeed.
  Plus, if you order from Amazon.com, they will exchange it for you no problem.  
I had ordered a customized one from Apple.com, so I couldn't exchange it. 
iPod will change the way you enjoy music!      
Very Pleased.
I'd never had an MP3 player before, so this was a new one on me.
 The interface took a little getting used to.
 The best thing for anyone to do who has not used one is to ask the store clerk at apple or a teenager for advice on how to operate it. 
 This one has a color display, which I like a lot, being very visual. 
  This was obviously a conspiracy as it is FREAKIN' EASY to manufacture a device with replaceable batteries!!
    If you can get past this little flaw, give the ipod 5 stars, because everything else about it is pretty much perfect.  
However, in my mind, $299 is a lot to pay for a device that will only last 18 MONTHS. 
 Hence, the one star rating...     
Good, But Not For Everyone
 I was shopping for a MP3 player recently, and had the opportunity to play with my cousin's 20GB iPod at some length to see how I liked it.
 I had initially been planning on buying this or another Apple product, but since decided to buy a player made by a different manufacturer.
  Overall, I think the iPod is a good player, although I would note some features that turned me off: 
 LOOKS AND DURABILITY: I realize many people are fond of the minimalist white interface.  
 I'm not one of them.
  While I like the minimialism of the player, I try to avoid plastic products made of white- they tend to yellow with age. 
While they have released those "tattoos" for the players, I think those just look cheap and gaudy, especially since they leave the corners of the iPod exposed.  
The biggest red flag for me was the fact that although my cousin's player was relatively new, it was riddled with scratches.
  While he's not the most careful guy in the world, it was really beat up consider the minimal amount he uses the thing, and talking to other people who have iPods confirmed that the player scratches very easily- and from personal experience, they look terrible scratched up.  
THE CLICKWHEEL: Again, I realize that most people think this is the greatest thing since sliced bread. 
 I disagree. 
 I strongly suggest anyone considering an iPod test it out first to see how they like it. 
 I thought the clickwheel sounded great, but after trying it found it awkward.  
As a student, I spend a significant amount of time on my laptop and am used to scrolling up and down on the touchpad, which made the Creative Zen Touch a more attractive product for me. 
 Be sure you test this first to see if it does feel intuitive for you, rather than just going on the fact that it does sound pretty neat. 
 BATTERY: Compared to the other players on the market, the iPod has one of the worst batteries around.
 The Sony Walkman and Creative Zen Touch get 30 and 24 hours per charge, respe
 Since no company has yet to come out with an interchangeable battery for the jukebox-sized players (the Creative Labs Zen Micro is the only one I'm aware of that has this, and it's 5 GB), this can be an issue.  
IN SUMMARY: This is a good, basic player.  It's not for everyone, and if you're in the market for one I suggest that you try to put aside the huge popularity of the iPod and look harshly at the actual features that the other players on the market have, and see how they stack up. 
 Apple is already being outpaced by Creative Labs and Sony on the battery front, and just about any non-Apple player allows you more compatibility with download services than Apple's iTunes-only program.
  But since a lot of these MP3 players are marketed on aesthetics, do go to your local store or borrow a friend's and see how the product actually feels and works.
  This may be the player for you, but it's not leaps and bounds ahead of any other player, and others are ahead of it in certain areas, so practice some caution when you buy.     
	Pure And Simple, Wonderful Stuff.
	 If, like me you simply want an iPod to play your mp3's, buy this one. 
If you want colour screens, photos, videos etc, buy the latest (extremely expensive) model, I think the new 60GB has all the extras. 
This 20GB just plays the songs, most people won't even use the 20GB space, I've got about 1500 songs on mine that adds up to nearly 13GB.
  I would strongly recommend the iPod over rival mp3 players such as the Creative Zen and the creatively named iRiver. 
Most importantly because the iPods warranty is far superior to both these, the Creative Zens is only 90 days, way too short. 
The iRivers is also short, and lets face it, what is more likely to brake or go wrong, the Apple iPod or Creative Zen, iRiver. 
Both from unspecialist makes, and in Creatives case a company that deals mostly in computer parts, and has not invested the money that Apple has. 
So reliability is the winner here for the iPod.
  As far as an actual player is concerned, the iPod is next to none.
 The one advantage the iRiver has is it can play wma files aswell as mp3s, unlike the iPod. 
But all you need to do is convert the files (besides mp3s are larger and better quality files than wmas) using a wide range of convertors, my favourite is the dBPowerAmp Music Coverter which also allows you to burn directly from cd to hardrive in mp3 format unlike Media Player.
 It's well worth it, the mp3s do in fact sound better.  
For looks, well iPod is head and shoulders better, both the iRiver and Creative Zen look positively ugly when next to a gleaming iPod. 
 The iPod package comes with everything you need, the AC adaptor, firewire cable (quicker than USB, but slower than USB 2 which it also gives), those snazzy and powerfull headphones, and of course the player. 
 Quite simply, BUY THE IPOD, whatever size you wish. 
I would go along the lines of any more than 2 thousands songs, get a larger size such as the 40GB, just to be on the safe side.
Just don't drop it.
 I had the 15G iPod of the previous incarnation. 
 Actually I had two: the first one stopped working within a month so I took it back, and they exchanged it (which is evidently pretty extraordinary - guess I lucked out.  I didn't tell them I had dropped it once). 
 Then I had the second one in my boyfriend's car, and his car got jacked.  
Fortunately his insurance covered it (also extraordinary), and as luck would have it, this new gen of iPods came out the same week he got the check.
  So I got a free 5G upgrade out of that misfortune.
  I also got to see just how utterly addicted I am to my iPod in the few weeks I had to go without one.
  The major change from the previous model, other than the extra 5G for the same price, is that this one is slightly smaller and lighter, and the already minimal buttons (menu, play/pause, forward and back) have now been assigned to the four quarters of the click wheel, so that even less brain power is required to search through your 10,000 stolen mp3s. 
 Mac is really big on streamlining everything (maybe that's why you never get a decent manual with any of their products). 
 I like the click wheel OK, but actually the one problem I've had with this, my third, iPod is that occassionally the wheel gets "stuck," meaning either it won't respond at all, or it "jumps" down playlists uncontrollably. 
 When this happens I have to toggle the lock switch on and off to get it to work properly.
I guess that's a pretty minor deal, but it can be annoying. 
 Needless to say, these are fragile machines.
 Maybe this new design is more durable than the last, but I kind of doubt it.  
I don't really intend to drop mine to find out. 
 The thing is, naturally you're going to use your iPod at the gym or whatever, and it can be a bit of a liability because you always feel like you have to protect it.
 Not that anybody would revert back to their old-skool walkman just because you can knock it around more.  
The thousands of songs at your fingertips thing, you just can't beat that with a stick.  
But seriously though, how bout we work on the durability thing for the next gen.
 We can start by losing the shiny miracle-material cover that you can literally scratch just by looking at it wrong, and thus eliminate the need for third-party "iSkin" protective covers for an extra thirty bucks.
 The other thing is the earbuds.  
