after years with that carrier 's expensive plans and horrible customer service , portability seemed heaven-sent . 
i 'd always eyed the nokia phones and had heard decent things about t-mobile , so i gave it a whirl . 
here 's the brief synopsis : the phone is tiny , cute , feels kind of " plastic-like " ( as if it might break ) , but seems pretty sturdy . 
i spent hours setting up the stations ( accepts about 13-14 , i believe ) , though the reception is unpredictable . 
also , you need to have the headset plugged in all the time to have the radio work and that can get tedious . 
the headset that comes with the phone has good sound volume but it hurts the ears like you cannot imagine ! 
the phone comes with okay ringtones , some decent backgrounds / screensavers , but the phone has very little memory ( mine had 230kb as it arrived from amazon , so you do n't have too many options on what you can put on there ) . 
the colors on the screen are not as crisp as i 'd have liked them to be . 
however , it serves its purpose . 
the backlight on the phone goes off way too quickly ( dangerous when you 're driving at night ) , and there 's no way to change this -- 
i checked with nokia . 
the buttons on the phone are small , even for my small fingertips , but you get used to them rather quickly . 
the menu options are uncreative , as you can 't see a full screen of menu items to pick from ; you have to scroll up and down to find what you 're looking for ( yes , this is minor , but not when you 're trying to keep your eye on the road ! ) . 
more downside to this phone ? 
the volume . 
oh my goodness -- 
i have excellent hearing but the volume level on this phone is especially quiet . 
forget talking on it in public -- you just can 't hear the other person ! 
on the up-side , the phone has amazing battery life . 
i do like this phone overall ( would give it a 3.5 ) , but unforutnately , i am returning it . 
i was surprised by t-mobile 's service . 
i assumed they had exceptional service , but their reception in my area ( los angeles ) is horrendous . 
reason ? 
they piggy-back on cingular 's service . 
also , their t-zones , although cheap ( $ 4.99 / mo. ) never works . 
since i received the phone , i spent countless hours on the phone with customer service reps who promised t-zones would work " in 24 hours " . 
i must have heard this about a dozen times over the span of 2 weeks , when t-zones never worked . 
24 hours ? 
by what time standards -- martian ? 
apparently , t-mobile is heavily back-logged and can 't keep up with demands . 
also , they 'd forgotten to add " wap " capability to my service ( duh ) , so that took another 4-5 days of figuring out . 
in all fairness , customer reps are very nice , and they ( most of them ) try hard to answer your questions . 
but they do have this annoying habit of asking you if they 've answered all your questions , even if they did n't , to which they always seem to expect a " yes " answer from you . 
i realize this is for quality assurance purposes , but i should have the right to say when my questions have not been answered ( i.e. me : 
" when will my t-zones work ? " , csr : 
" i 'm not sure " . ) . 
umm , well , thanks for nothing . 
this one csr insisted on trying to get me to say that he 'd answered all my questions ( same interaction as i just described ) , and well .. . 
that was annoying . 
t-mobile is trying very hard , and again -- they do have pretty good csr 's . 
however , the calls constantly drop in my area and i experince mega-static , to the point where i 'd have to dial numbers 6-7 times to get a clear line . 
and no t-zones . 
so what 's the point ? 
i 'm staying with sprint , and though i fear that their csr is n't nearly as good as t-mobile 's , the clarity of their reception is exceptional . 
i 've bought the very expensive sanyo 5500/vm4500 -- which i love -- and i 'm okay with my services . 
guess all that glitters is not gold . 
it was worth a shot -- too bad it did n't work out . 
hope someone else has better luck ! 
the more subtle tones that were included with the phone are hard to hear at times . 
the vibration is not top . 
it is a teeny phone , so it is hard to put a big mechanism in . 
i do n't use the vibration , because it is often easier to hear it vibrate then to feel it . 
vibration was not even listed as a feature when i purchased this . 
so it was no loss . 
we got two phones for the t-mobile family plan ( indeed very easy to switch to the family plan ) and one came with a broken headphone ( can hear but cannot be heard ) and one died today after less than two weeks of use . 
i 'll see how much help i can get from amazon and report back . 
negative : impossibly tiny and difficult to operate , barely visible , power button . 
poor visibility on the keys . 
you have to tilt the phone around to catch the light on them . 
it also has a stock tracking app built in ( also useless ) and a somewhat useful application which converts all types of metrics ( currency , length , area , etc ) . 
the s105 ( samsung ) has a beautiful big display ( 65,000 colors ) , and i can 't say much about the motorolla . 
all these phones have color screens , polymorphic tones , and are internet ready . 
in music tones department the 6610 has 20 chords ( thats number of different instruments which it can play ) i think , the samsung i think have 15 , i donno about the other phones but i feel the t610 has the best sounding ring tones . 
regarding pc software support nokia suite does not work with some versions of xp as i tried to connect my phone via infrared port on my laptop . 
i called nokia tech support and they blamed microsoft . 
oh well .. 
overall this is a slightly better than average phone . 
both the samsung and the sony phones offer a lot more features than this 6610 . 
personally i like the samsung phones better because i found myself liking the flip phones so much more . 
i think there is a good chance i will try to get a samsung flip camera phone next year . 
if t-mobile does not offer such a phone most likely i will get the t610 . 
they are all free if you get a new account anyway , but stick to t-mobile if you are going to use your phone overseas because t-mobile actually allows you to unlock your simm cards so that you can buy simm cards cheap from other nations and plug into your phone when you are doing some international travelling . 
