 what a kick butt Mp3 machine and the freedom to get songs from a reasonable source, instead of paying for them two or three times, then get the Creative Zen IPOD killer, kiss my ass Itunes!
i got 6000 mp3's you'll never register or gay up.     
Smaller size, 1 gb of more space, radio, voice recording, removable battery, cooler look, all in one.  
 The touchpad is annoying sometimes (give me the click-wheel and pressable buttons any day), but not at all as difficult to get over as other people are saying.
 I love how small the thing is, and the blue glow - I've had it for two weeks with no electronic problems at all.  
 Creative Media Source is very easy to use once you get the hang of it, and the file transfers are fast.  
 Sound quality is great, fm tuner is fine, as is the recorder.  
 This is the mp3 player with everything I need.  As long as it lasts me a good three years, I'm satisfied.        
 The software included is an easy installation and you have the option of using the Creative software, Windows Media Player 10, or simply Windows Explorer to move music back and forth between your Zen Touch. 
I did a quick test by selecting a few files and copying them over and they loaded right in. 
Pressed play and I was off. 
The package also comes with a USB cable, an AC adapter, a pair of headphones (they're okay until you get a better pair), a stand, and a microfiber pouch to carry your Zen Touch in.  
 It's cute as anything and the glowing blue LED looks super cool around the edges. 
 For the price I think this is a remarkably fun MP3 player.
Enjoy!     
 The Look & Feel: I have the black one and the contrasting neon blue on the buttons add a very nice ambience. 
The light pulsates when you are charging it almost as if it were breathing. 
 The player itself is tiny , it gets a bit bulky when you put it in the hardcase, which you need to do if you don't want to get scrathes on the back(its a nice looking back too ). 
 Reliability & Build  I dropped the player once from about 4 ft, and it fell hard, but kept on playing. 
 The hardcase they give with it must work well.  
 Sound  I'm no audiophile but I was amazed by the clarity the player had, it was much better than the sound card on my Computer and louder too. 
 I have had the ipod mini and it performs on the level with my sound card but the micro beats it outright.  
 Best of all the WMAs(I have a lot of them) sound great.  
 Utility Its got a huge list of features including an FM Recorder a Calender and contacts list. 
Its not convinient to enter name of course but synchronise it with outlook and it becomes a gem of a address book. 
 The songs recorded with FM are as good as the original signal. 
The interface takes 2 secs after you press record to show up but its actually started recording at the moment you press record.  
 Software The software that comes along with it is not very intuitive but once you are used to it,it  does the job well. 
 Creating and modifying playlists is easy and clean.  
 There are 2 things that need fixing  First is the battery life. It will run for 6 hrs without problems with medium usage of the buttons. 
 Second might be a problem I might have with my PC but not too sure, when the player is connected on the USB and I start playing on it and also using the windows explorer, it sometimes pauses by itself and tries to synchronise with the PC during play, which is a bit irritating.     
 The back of the player is nice too, with water ripples inside the clear white coating.  
5. 
 You can use it as a storage Hard Drive.    
Now, about the iTunes. 
 I have no problem using iTunes with the Zen Micro (in a makeshift sorta way).   
This is what I do:  I copy all the music I want to import to the Zen Micro into an iTunes play list. 
After that, you connect your Zen Micro and open My Computer. 
Click on "Zen Micro Media Explorer" and then click on "Transfer Data Between PC and Device" after that, a File Explorer window opens. 
And all you do is select all the tracks in the iTunes playlist and drag them to the File Explorer window.  
It's not as seamless as if you were to use an iPod, but it only takes a few seconds longer. 
So yeah, you can have the best of both worlds.  
* Of Course, if you've BOUGHT tracks from iTunes, this won't work. 
You can only copy songs you've downloaded for free or ripped from a CD.  
**I honestly don't see the point of buying songs from iTunes when there are so many free alternatives. 
But if you get that "fuzzy legal feeling" from paying for songs, at least buy them from allofmp3.com, there are no restrictions and the songs cost pennies.     
  While they all seem to have their own positives and negatives, I picked the Zen Micro over the Ipod mini, because I am not an Apple person, never has been - I wanted something that is fully compatible with Windows Media Player. 
 Also, the WMA compression format is superior to MP3, especially at lower bit rates, so I needed a player that could handle WMA and integrate well with my Windows XP computers.  
 I was fortunate to get the packaging that still included all the accessories (desk stand/hard case, belt clip, wall charger, etc). 
 And so far, I have been very, very happy with my Zen Micro. 
 The Micro has an impressive array of very nice features and a well designed user interface. 
 What I like the most:  - Small and solid feel. 
 The Zen Micro is smaller than it looks in pictures, and feels very solid. 
 The blue backlight is pretty cool. 
 The screen is clear and readable, and the touch pad works very well, it took me less than a day to get the hang of it, and now I like it better than having to click buttons or fiddle with a separate volume control.  
 - Great sound! I was very impressed, I encode at 192 kbps and the audio quality is great, especially with the better headphones. 
I managed to fit about 700 tracks on the player, but many of those are 6-15 minute long classical tracks.   
- Integration with Media Player. 
 Pros: - Excellent sound, even with the headphones that come out of the box, but it absolutely rocked with my Bose Quietcomfort 2 set. 
 It was also the most appealing.   
Immediately you could tell a very distinct difference between the two Creative MP3 players.  
 It has a cardboard slip cover with a nice layered box casing inside.  
 You will find a small folder/envelope on top along with the player.  
Accessories are in reusable bags unlike the Nomad which requires you to tear each back plastic store bag open. 
 A distinct IPod relation is evident with white colored cables, power plug and the very nice Zen case with a white rubber inside covering.  
It has Apple insipid written all over it.  
 I do give create to Creative for their attractive design.    
 Creative has put a lot of effort into making this player appeal to those true geeks that search for coolness and functionality in electronic devices. 
 The interface works great.  
 I enjoy getting use to the touch pad. 
 In minutes I was easily navigating through the menus.  
 What impressed me most was the sound.  
 At 128 the songs sound very good.  
My hobby is home audio and home theater.  
 The Zen lives up to the audio quality I love and expect.  
 The Earbuds are great headphones as good as my AGK Studio 240, well not as good but darn close.  
Creative says that the software engine for this MP3 is the best hands down.  
I believe them.  
Overall this play is my introduction into the market.  
 It's so small. 
It looks sleek and modern. 
 It holds plenty of songs. 
 The sound is amazing. 
 The menu is easy to use and understand. 
 I love the touchpade controls. 
 The battery has a long life. 
 It's rechargable and supposedly easy to replace though I haven't had to do it yet of course. 
 The file ripping/transfering software that comes with the player is easy to use. 
 Battery : A Big Big plus. 
 Builtin microphone is great for recording short voice notes. 
I have heard in other players these have to be brought separately.    
 Sound: This is where I love Zen the most. 
 Excellent sound I mean the player has juice. 
I dont use the headphones that come with it instead I use Bose Triport headphones. 
The player has great potential (ur experiance may differ based on your headphones). 
 The bass treble the sound detail is awsome. 
 Its compact and has rounded edges. 
 Fits well in hand in trouser pockets.   
 Freebies you get: A cradle with detachable stand and belt clip, some thing very handy and useful. 
 I dont use the belt clip cuz it fails to hold the player securely (design problem). 
Instead I use a cellphone cover with a belt clip and it works just fine. 
 You get a USB cable headphones, a pouch, software except headphones you will like every thing else.  
 What I dont like: Nothing much except Headphones, Belt clip design. 
Creative has not lounched any silicon cover for the player like ipod's (I think belkin makes it for ipod).  
Stuff you may need to buy: Wired remote from creative. 
This is a must have. 
Spare batteries incase  you need some extra hours without charging. 
 FM transmitter (belkin has a good one) to use Zen with your car Sterio FM Tunner   Latest Find: Connected this baby to my $3800 audiophile audio system and it produced clean sound compared to Ipod. 
Tested with the same mp3 for benchmarking     
 By focusing exclusively on quality rather than excessive marketing, they have introduced a player that can look the Ipod straight in the eye and not flinch.  
, It fits comfortably in my shirt pocket and while very well-designed, doesn't look to ostentatious while I'm walking around with it.  
 The interface, while a bit confusing at first, is very easy to navigate after about 15 minutes.  
 Battery life is exceptional, lasting longer than the 8-10 hours that seem reasonable with most music players on the market.  
 Transferring files couldn't be easier thanks to the included software bundle.  
 Also, I am quite partial to the Creative MediaSource Organizer and Player software, which I had with Audigy ZS sound card originally; it is definitely an added plus.  
 All-in-all, Creative has definitely come up with a winner in terms of product design and features, and I look forward to the Nomad/Zen line of products seizing more market share as people begin to realize that quality is a better determinant of experience than quantity and hype.  
 I think the OS and controls are very well thought out and although I'll admit I was a bit intimidated during my first few hours with the Micro, the interface and controls became second nature after the first day or so. 
My preference for the touchpad sensitivity setting is 'medium'. 
One reviewer made what *I thought* was a good point about the volume not having an independant control and being buried in a menu, but must not have spent very long with the player because if you slide your finger up or down the center touch button during a song, the volume goes up or down accordingly. 
A few reviewers have also complained about the printed manual which is probably one of the biggest wastes of paper ever included with an electronic device. 
 However, there is a more detailed PDF manual on the CD (and online) that should answer any questions about the operational features of the Zen Micro. 
 While the software may not be as easy as I-Tunes, it is not difficult to use by any stretch. 
 As opposed to the Nomad II or any other flash based player, the songs load extremely fast...about one or two seconds per song. 
 I also like the fact that you can edit your MP3 titles, etc. 
after they have been loaded into the Zen which is something I've had to do many times already. 
 After comparing the included Creative earbuds directly against my Sony MD-E828LP's and Sennheiser MX-400's, I find myself still using the Creative's, which in my opinion, sound every bit as good and have a slightly longer cord.  
 If I was pressed to find a negative aspect of the Zen Micro I would probably have to mention weak FM reception, but the building where I primarily use the Micro seems to have a history of terrible radio reception anyway, so you can take that for what it's worth.  
 It may not top the iPod Mini, but it's definitely an alternative if you also want the extra features and good sound quality.  
 Strong Points: - Design: small, comfortable, curved, and stylish. 
 - Colors: 10 variety of HOT colors made it difficult to choose from. 
 You don't need to cough up an extra couple bucks for a "special edition" to get black! - Sound: Awesome! - Batteries: removable/replaceable. 
 - Audio Formats: supports both MP3, WMA... And yeah, WAV too.  
 Weak Points: - Touch Pad: design could be better - Volume Control: controlled through the vertical strip, but purchasing a headphone with built-in volume control will do the trick. 
 Creative did an awesome job with the design. 
 It looks nice and sleek and the blue background light looks awesome against the black. 
 Overall, I've been very impressed with the player. 
 Its just as fast as the included Creative software, but much less invasive, and overall better looking. 
With WMP10, you don't need to install any software other than the driver, which makes using multiple computers fairly simple.  
 The touchpad is great once you get used to it, and I much prefer it to standard buttons or scroll wheels (as on the Dell DJ for example). 
 The player looks great, feels great, and sounds great. 
 So far it has been very durable (other than the little pads on the earbuds), but those aren't really necessary as I find them comfortable on their own. 
 Songs transfer lightning fast, and the two batteries that came in my box give me 24 hours of listen time. 
 On the fly play list creation, address book, removable storage drive capabilities, sound recorder, the list goes on people, this thing is literally so chalked full of goodies, it was like Halloween all over again. 
 So far I have used all of the above-mentioned features, and find them well designed, and easy to understand.  
Not everything in this world is 1!
 00% good though, and the Zen does have a few drawbacks. 
 While transferring songs to the player, the interface has crashed a few times (4-5 times in a 4-5 hour period) normally this would cause me major concern, but it appears that this bug is reproducible, which leads me to believe that Creative will fix it with a patched version shortly (or maybe it's just my computer). 
 Before you run out and buy an iPod, understand something: there are REASONS the Zen is worth encountering this kind of hassle, principally excellent (for MP3) sound quality.  
 The accesories that come with the player are great. 
 White earbuds ( i replaced those with some shure headphones, big difference), a case, a stand, a clip (which doesn't really work), and a nice little zen micro bag. 
Also all the required cables and what not. 
To me, currently at $218, this player is a!
 After installation, which was VERY simple....I downloaded any updated software from the Creative website, before I downloaded any music.   
There were two downloads I had to complete.  
One was the firmware upgrading from the installation CD and the second was regarding the "playforsure" (even though it's in BETA), to make sure I could use Napster 2 Go.  
I then registered with Napster 2 Go and it immediately recognized my player.  
And within one hour I had downloaded , organized my play lists and was listening to the songs I downloaded.  
Napster 2 Go also allows members to view other members play lists in different genres, so if you are looking for lots of songs and you don't want to search for them endless, you can just grab them from other members play lists. !
 The sound is very nice.  
I feel like it's just me and the music and I am transported into a different world.  
It also comes with a case so you can either stand it up or use a belt clip.  
So I can't wait to get on my treadmill with it.  
 I also like the lock feature, so it makes the touch pad inactive.   
 I tried to use the FM radio option, but it doesn't seem to really pick up the stations I listen, however I am going to try it in a different location, it may have just been my residential location.   
I would say the only thing I need to adjust is the sensitivity of the touch pad.  
 I think sound quality should be the first and foremost feature, and the Zen is leaps and bounds better in sound quality, with no need to upgrade the earphones. 
 I thought the FM radio would not see much use with so many tracks avaiable to me, but its great for tuning in to TV programs at the gym while on the treadmill, concerts and programs being simulcast, NPR, and on and on. 
When you don't feel like toting a PDA while out for the day (i.e. cycling, window shopping, etc,)simply download everything thru outlook. 
 I've read about the issues with the scroll bar, but they must have taken care of that now. 
 An extra gig of room, FM radio, voice recorder, PIM applications with sync to Outlook. 
 Creative has excellent music software, a very responsive tech support group (they are quick on firmware updates, and make them publicly available), and usually a good array of accessories.  
 The Zen Micro is no exception: in addition to the case, it comes with a neck strap, and has all of the necessary cables for syncing and charging.  
extra battery{+2]
 The extra spare battery is just a neat bonus.  
 If I could, I'd trade-up on my Creative Muvo2 and snag a Zen Micro tomorrow.  
**** I gave up a ton of positive reviews to add this addendum.  
I do not work for Creative; I had a chance to play with a review copy in-depth, as others have (See Engadget, Gizmodo, or c|net as examples).  
Just because Amazon doesn't have it to sell doesn't mean the product is unavailable for review.  
Please judge any review you read -- in any medium, be it here or newspapers or magazines -- by its own merits. ****  Fred     
 Feature for feature, I find it a very sweet little player; equipped with a higher end headphone system, between this and th larger Zen Ihardly use my home stereo system anymore. 
And I gave my CD plyaers away in a garage sale.     
 No offense to Amazon, but I was able to find one online for just over 200 bucks (I'm sure prices here will continue to sink), and that also seemed quite a good bargain for the amount of storage space.    
Now the downside:  One of the features that factored into my choice of a Micro!
instead of an iPod (I know this is a tediously recurring theme in these reviews, but I want to get my two cents in) was the FM radio.  
 I like some local stations, Stern, and NPR, and so the radio seemed like a great option.  
 Sound quality? Phenomenal. 
 unarguably better than Apple's, and nice earbuds to boot.  
Looks? 
Let's just say it's no coincidence I put "Foxy Lady" on there. 
 Flawless. 
They've partnered with Napster to give you a! free month of the subscription service (read: all the music you want free for thirty days, when you can cancel with all your music safely hidden away.
 ) No locked-in proprietary business like Apple; this baby plays WMAs too.  
 Gets nice sound too. 
 The FM tuner is just a little spare icing on the cake.  
And the price? 
A bargain $200. 
Do NOT buy Apple. 
Inferior quality at a higher price (and shoddy reliability) is not quite justified just because they have a better spokesperson.  
 In conclusion, this player is beautiful. 
 Power for the tech-savvy, ease of use for the less fortunate. 
 The radio works excellent in my area, I'm not sure everywhere else.  
 t simply the best player on the market for a really low price, so why look anywhere else?      
 Why bother when it works perfectly with Media Player 10?  
As for the problem with locking up mentioned in a previous post, it only seems to happen if the USB cable is unplugged while WMP 10 is still running.  
I just close the program down first, wait for the message to appear on the Micro, then unplug it. 
This appears to prevent the lockup issue.  
The battery life doesn't appear to be any!
 If your looking for a great sounding mini player, you can't go wrong with the Zen Micro.     
 The Zen plays mp3, wma and wave formats, which makes it more versatile than the Ipod. 
 The greatest thing about the software (in my humble) is that it reads your CD info. 
and labels it before you burn the CD into the Zen. 
 rks almost without fail, no matter what your taste in music is: From relaxation music to hard rock, to hip hop, to Korean and Japanese, to Afro-Cuban and Salsa, Jazz, Blues, Country and Pop, this feature performs well. 
Just check the menu on your Zen, and it's all there, and neatly stored. 
At least, that is, while it's still alive.        
 This player is fantastic in terms of audio quality, ease of use, and features. 
However, if you are considering purchasing one to use with subscription music services like Napster-to-go, or Yahoo Music Unlimited, there are a few things to keep in mind:  1. 
 I have owned some kind of Creative audio product since 1993 and have never had to call tech support.  
Of course, some were better than others, and I probably could have gotten a better sound card from another company at some point.  
 As far as user interface is concerned, the best and easiest to use seems to be the one that comes with the player, 'Creative MediaSource Organizer'. 
It comes with a built-in program simply entitled 'Creative MediaSource Audio Converter'. 
 This program enables the user to batch convert and convert audio files from one format to another. 
