the pictures are razor-sharp , even in macro . 
the auto-focus performs well , but i love having the 12 optional scene modes - they are dummy-proof , and correspond to many situations in which i would actually seek to use the camera . 
comes with a 16 mb compact flash and one rechargable battery the charging unit , included , is fast and small . 
i bought a 256 mb cf and a second battery , so it 's good to go on a long vacation . 
i enthusiastically recommend this camera . 
in the auto mode it functions basically as a point and click , the scene modes are very easy to use and produce good results . 
the manual mode is feature rich and i can 't wait to get the hang of it . 
the macro mode is exceptional , the pictures are very clear and you can take the pictures with the lens unbelievably close the subject . 
the battery life is very good , i got about 90 minutes with the lcd turned on all the time , the first time around , and i have been using it with the lcd off every now and then , and have yet needed to recharge it . 
the camera comes with a lexar 16mb starter card , which stores about 10 images in fine mode at the highest resolution , i intend to buy a bigger card soon . 
this camera is ideal for people who want more power , but do n't want to spend 1000s dollars on a camera . 
nikon 4300 , i feel , is the best camera out there for the features and price . 
here were my requirements in a digital camera : 
1 . i had initially thought of buying a 2 or 3 megapixel camera but these are good for 4x6 " or 5x7 " prints and i wanted some really great 8x10 " photos once in a while . 
2 . i did not want a very small camera as it seems to get lost in my hands and i was n't comfortable with that . 
i wanted a decent sized camera with a contour for my fingers to hold it steadily . 
3 . i wanted a camera that had a lot of built-in settings for different types of suroundings while giving me an option to use my photography skills although , i am an amateur with an interest in photography by turning on the manual settings . 
4 . and , of course , i wanted a respected brand and had to stay within my budget because i had bought an expensive camcorder before but had n't used it much . 
depending on all the above requirements , i had narrowed down my search to nikon 4300 and canon powershot s400 models . 
nikon got the final nod for its settings auto and manual along with movie modes , medium; compact size , price , brand name , good software that is included and previous reviews . 
i should say i have been very happy with my decision ever since . 
the pictures are absolutely amazing - the camera captures the minutest of details . 
a few things that might make it even better : 
1 . pictures taken in an indoor setting are a little dull and rarely hazy if you tend to take photographs from a distance . 
the movie mode is also working great . 
the 4300 comes with excellent easy to install software i use it on xp and win98 without problem , battery charger , usb and video cable . 
a 64mb flash card camera comes with a 16mb holds 52 pictures on " normal " resolution . 
i experimented with online print ordering with the two major us brick and mortar retailers , and they both delivered great results . 
even at the " normal " setting , a 8x10 print ! shows not a single sign of visible rendering or pixels - you could never tell that the picture has been taken by a " digital " . 
the battery life is ok , but can be somewhat short when working a lot with the monitor on . 
i therefore bought a second battery as a backup , and due to the lightingfast charging with the included charger , which by the way works on 110v as well as 220v in europe , we ran never out of " juice " . 
i highly recommend the accessory kit , which provides you with everything else you need : 
a nice camera bag , which holds camera plus all the cables and the charger . 
furher it contains a card reader , a flash card folder for up to 8 cards , a lense cleaning rag , and an ac adapter , which is very helpful when working in an " outlet environment " . 
over all a fantastic very compact camera , which made us experience photography on a totally new level ! 
after nearly 800 pictures i have found that this nikon takes incredible pictures . 
the digital zoom takes as good of pictures , as the optical zoom does ! 
the inside pics , can be a bit challenging , but when you can instantly delete pics you dont like , that are not focused perfectly , or need lighting adjustments , make this camera very simple and effective . 
i love all of the features , and presets as well . 
sunset feature takes incredible pics in the morning , and the evening ! 
the software you get with this camera is perfect . 
touchups , redeye , and so on are very easy to alter , and correct . 
i definately recommend a large memory card . 
i use a 128mb card , and usually get around 70 to 100 pics 1024-1280 res. , with good resolution . 
very large pics take 8mb each ! 
battery life is good , although i recommend two rechargebles , or a alkaline backup , for those emergency pics you have to have . 
all and all , i am extremely pleased with this camera . 
making the step from film to digital has been a great move . 
i find myself emailing pics to everyone i know . 
great camera , great investment ! 
the auto setting does a great job most of the time but there are manual settings for those who want them . 
if something were to happen to my nikon coolpix 4300 , i would order another just like it . 
downloads are a snap and quick . 
controls easy yo use and easy to get to . 
i 'm extremely glad i bought this camera . 
really happy with this little camera . 
i expected the 12x digital zoom to be grainy , but onfull size high to fine quality , the zoomed images are quite impressive . 
did buy a 256mb compact flash , it holds a lot of pics at any resolution . 
i only wish you could get high quality tiff images at all resolutions , but does n't seem any of the buget cameras do . 
still , at least from my perspective , a great camera for the money , and i 'm a happy camper ! 
4 mp gives you room for the future gaining experience ; cost offsets over time from wanting more in a camera , 3x optical and the fact that it carries nikon 's quality reputation behind it make the whole package prove itself worthwile at the price . 
one neat thing - i have taken some pictures in what i thought would be impossible lighting conditions pitch black rooms - no problem for the camera - rooms looked like they had ample lighting . 
this little camera has created a marriage between myself and nikon. never knew i could love a digital camera so much . 
the software that comes with it is amazing and the online service that comes free is really very neat. clean clear and well focused on over 95 % of all photos taken by a beginner . 
100 % perfect if you put some thought and time into reading the manual before you take the photos . 
i took the camera and just gave it to someone . 
no instructions . 
just point and shoot and the photos were great . 
just imagine if you place a bit of knowledge when you take your photos . 
the memory card fit nicely since i also have a pocket pc and it automatically installed a picture software on my pda wolla . 
my pda becames a digital album . 
i have a 128mb card in it and can shoot over 150 hi res photos . 
if you have to buy a camera on a buget, this has got to be the one . 
go get it . 
before they are sold out ! 
my friends were impressed with the quality of the pictures i took ! 
battery life is ok . 
i plan on buying a second battery and a larger cf for it . 
i found the controls very intuitive and learned how to manuver through the menus quickly . 
the quality is superb . 
the small size is perfect for my little hands , but may perhaps be uncomfortable or awkward for a bigger person . 
the 4300 is a very durable , compact package , and i find nikon to be a brand that i can trust . 
it comes with a 16mb flash card that you will need to upgrade ! 
we got a 256mb card , and have been hard-pressed to fill it over a weekend . 
the only drawbacks that i have noticed : 
they take excellent macro shots as well . 
the menus and features are easy to manipulate and access , and it takes silent movies . 
the picturers are amazing . 
do n't waste time looking at anything else , just buy this one . 
it do n't get any better then the nikon 4300 . 
i particularly like the " txt " file which records all the control information for all the pictures you take. 
a nikon will make you happier and leave you lots of good memories , as always . 
we take this camera with us everywhere and are constantly amazed at the quality of the pictures that we get and the number of different ways the camera allows for pictures to be taken . 
i am a picture fanatic so i consider myself picky and if your the same way this camera will not let you down.now buy it ! 
i have it for a week now , and this camera has exceeded my expectations . 
the daylight pictures are brilliant and the indoor shots are very good provided that your subject is no more than about 8 feet away . 
the shutter lag is on par with what i 've experienced with point and shoot 35mm and aps film cameras and the next frame advance is about a couple seconds using a high speed 12x 128mb compact flash card a salesperson recommended the high speed card since next frame advance speed was important to me - and it was only a few dollars more . 
i am impressed with how easy this camera is to use . 
it takes great pictures . 
the manual is easy to understand , and it is mostly idiot proof . 
i got this camera about a month ago and i can 't put it down . 
i was considering buying the minolta f-100 and the sony dsc-p 9 , but at the camera shop , realized this one went above and beyond . 
i selected the 4300 right away and have gotten high quality pictures every time . 
autofocus feels exactly like my film camera while scene and manual mode add a little fun challenge to it all . 
i would also recommend buying an extra battery and at least a 128 mb compact flash type i memory card . 
buy this camera and savour it . 
i am extremely satisfied with this camera . 
i purchased it from amazon on a since discontinued promotion . 
buy an extra battery - life is good but still somewhat short . 
do n't buy this camera if you are not going to purchase a 128 megabyte card . 
you need the storage to hold a decent amount of shots at 4 megapixel resolution . 
i have one thing to say to the numbskulls who complain that this camera 's controls are confusing and hard to remember : 
read the directions ! 
the regular mode in this camera works for 80 % of settings . 
the " scene " mode works well for the remainder of shots that are not going to be in a " regular " setting . 
i wish the camera had a higher optical zoom so that i could take better wildlife photos . 
however , its 3x optical setting is acceptable for 70 % of the shots that i take . 
buy this camera , you wo n't regret it . 
after a lengthy and extensive journey for a feature-loaded , high performance , travel size camera , i initially gravitated to this little gem because of the superior picture quality 4 mega pixel . 
after using it for about a month , i can state unequivocably that this nikon definitely delivers a huge bang for the buck . 
its easy to use and the sheer fun of being able to use an array of nikon accessories like the telephoto and wide-angle lenses is the proverbial icing on the cake . 
yes , the picture quality and features which are too numerous to mention are unmatched for any camera in this price range . 
the design and construction are excellent -- as is the legendary quality of the nikon optics . 
i own a 35mm slr camera and this is my second digital . 
if you 're seeking that elusive state of photographic euphoria that is free of buyer 's remorse and filled with cool , then travel to the world of the coolpix 4300 ! 
the picture quality is amazing and you can connect it to your tv and could make silent movies that way if you wanted to . 
i can 't connect it to my computer though , but that 's a problem with windows me , not the camera . 
if you have windows me you should upgrade to xp anyway , lol . 
but it works perfectly fine on my parent 's computer . 
it does have a lense cap , but it wo n't let you take pics with it on which is real good . 
the battery recharges ral fast and the recharger thingy that comes with is real nice . 
ooh , and i dropped it and it still works fine : this little camera has so many features i have n't even gotten to all of them yet . 
i love the continuous shot mode , which allows you to take up to 16 pix in rapid succession -- great for action shots . 
i 'm amazed at the photo quality -- prints are indistinguishable from 35mm prints . 
i only have one complaint , and that is the 8mb card included . 
2 it is easy enough for my grandmother to use . 
3 it is very compact but the controls are so well designed that they 're still easy to use . 
4 it has optional lenses like wide angles and extra zooms . 
5 for " digital film " it uses compact flash cards , which are easy to find , cheap , reliable and supported by many other devices you may have at hoome . 
6 the nikon coolpix line is a well-established line so you know support and parts are going to be available even when nikon releases a newer model . 
7 picture quality is excellent . 
8 battery life is excellent . 
9 3x built-in optical zoom is a lot for this price range . 
10 great price for all the features . 
here 's what you may miss or be annoyed by with this camera : 
1 no direct firewire to the camera . 
there is usb , though . 
2 the camera is so small that when you attach some lenses i have the 19mm wide-angle -- wc-e 68 , the optical viewfinder is partially obscured . 
this does n't affect the picture , of course . 
you just have to use the lcd viewfinder to see the whole picture . 
it 's no problem for me personally . 
3 battery has to be removed to recharge . 
4 an ac adapter for powering the camera while the battery 's out is not included , although one can be purchased separately . 
5 two different adapters -- ur-e 4 and ur-e 7 -- are required for some attachment lenses . 
most of these " annoyances " , though , are comparable to what you 'll find on other cameras in this price range . 
this camera was affordable , very easy to learn , and produces spectacular images . 
the auto-mode is good enough for most shots but the 4300 also boasts 12 versatile scene modes as well as a manual mode though i admit i have n't played with it too much on manual . 
it 's size also makes it ideal for travel . 
overall the nikon 4300 is a very dependable , robust , and useful little camera . 
awesome camera with huge print quality in a tiny package . 
the same 4mp chip from the 4500 camera , plus a 3x zoom with the ability to expand upon that with extenders , great closeup mode , long lasting rechargable battery , etc etc. 
in my opinion it 's the best camera for the money if you 're looking for something that 's easy to use , small good for travel , and provides excellent , sharp images . 
