i have had the phone for 1 week , the signal quality has been great in the detroit area ( suburbs ) and in my recent road trip between detroit and northern kentucky ( cincinnati ) i experienced perfect signal and reception along i-75 , far superior to at &#38; t 's which does not work along several long stretches on that same route . 
i have owned motorola , panasonic and nokia phones over the last 8 years and generally prefer nokia , this phone combines many of the best nokia features , the only feature missing for me is the voice recognition . 
my favorite features , although there are many , are the speaker phone , the radio and the infrared . 
the speaker phone is very functional and i use it in the car , very audible even with freeway noise . 
the infrared is a blessing if you have a previous nokia and want to transfer your old phone book to this phone , saved me hours of re-entering my numbers . 
the combination of the nokia 6610 and t-mobile service ( signal , price , service ) is a winner , i highly recommend it . 
while i like the performance of the phone in every regard , i would buy another one solely upon the apparent indestructibility of it . 
i highly recommend a nokia 6610 . 
from the speakerphone that can be used up to 15 feet away with clarity , to the downloadable poly-graphic megatones that adds a personal touch to this nifty phone . 
whether you 're taking a brisk jog , waiting for a bus or just having lunch at the park , you 'll be glad you had the fm radio . 
wish it were a flip phone , but thats not a deal breaker ! 
this phone is a winner ... 
anything this phone does , it does perfectly . 
the speakerphone , the radio , all features work perfectly . 
the speakerphone : 
this phone has a very cool and useful feature -- the speakerphone . 
this radio receives fairly decent reception but not nearly as good as a normal radio , but as long as the stations are coming in clearly the phone 's radio should work perfectly . 
tri-band : 
featureone highly beneficial feature of this phone ( at least to me ) is that it can be used anywhere in the world except a few countries that do not use gsm , a few in asia . 
i bought this phone for my trip to south africa and it worked almost perfectly . 
the only problem i had was a small glitch with t-mobile . 
anywhere i went in south africa this phone received full bar reception . 
if it worked like that in south africa , i imagine it would just work without a hitch in europe . 
sold in other parts of the world : 
another benefit of this phone is that it is truly an international phone ; the 6610 is sold in almost everywhere in the world . 
this means that there is a good chance that this phone will not break easily like typical american phones . 
or on the rare occasion it does you can bring it into any t-mobile store , which are located in many countries in europe . 
i cannot stress enough how big of a benefit it is to have a european phone and a european company providing your cell phone service . 
able to use service in another country : 
if you decide to go to another country for an extended period of time , you can just buy a sim card from a service provider in that country . 
you would then have a phone number in that country and not have to pay for international roaming in that country . 
size and weight : 
when you put this phone in your pocket you forget it is there ; it is unbelievably small and oh , so light . 
this is a benefit for many reasons ; one being just for appearance , your pants wo n't be bulging with this phone in your pocket . 
battery life : 
the battery life on this phone is surreal . 
it lasts , truly , 7 days on standby . 
i 've used the speakerphone for almost two hours once and the battery did not even go down one single bar . 
it is amazing that the battery lasts so long when the phone is so small and light . 
this phone has many other features , ir , ; just to name one , the features above i view as the most beneficial . 
the phone has a few minor inconveniences , but only because it lacks those features , bluetooth and high spend internet , but there are very few problems with things that you expected this phone to do . 
overall , i highly recommend this phone . 
it is a perfect phone in such a small and appealing package . 
size - extremely small and convenient will fit in your pocket and not bother you . 
sound - excellent polyphonic ringing tones are very nice ( check cons ) it also doubles as a radio , which is a nice feature when you are bored . 
speakerphone - loud and clear has some nice extra features like currency converter and a stopwatch . 
surfing the web on it is nice as well , i just wish there were more wap pages available . 
cons : 
ring tones only come with crazy songs and annoying rings , there is only one ring that sounds close to a regular ring . 
the screen is easily scratched but if you have the warranty you should be able to swap it out . 
games kind of stink and you cant download them you have to get the link cable to get additional games . 
the reception and sound quality are top-notch . 
i can routinely talk on the phone in my house in the suburbs , which is an unaccustomed luxury , even with t-mobile service . 
i like the size and weight of this little critter . 
- solid , high-quality construction 
- well-backlit keypad 
- outstanding signal reception 
- excellent sound quality 
- bright , visible screen 
- speakerphone 
- very long-lasting battery life 
cons : 
- some features in the user interface 
- no voice activated dialing ( what were they thinking 
- no option for caller-id pictures or individualized ringtones . 
- no propietary headset jack 
one of the best cell phones i have ever used to-date . 
i like the speakphone function a lot . 
it allows me to place the phone on the table while talking and working on my computer or other jobs . 
i am very pleased with its quality and durability . 
i like the automatic key lock function . 
the phone is very light weight . 
the screen is bright and ring tones are unlimited . 
the fm radio is cool . 
most of our emplyees use this model phone . 
best regards sadoun satellite sales 
while going for a cellphone , i was fully determined to buy a nokia only as it is the best in cellphones . 
after much survey of all the present handsets and recommendations from friends , i bought this nokia 6610 . 
and really this is the best phone one could have . 
it has all the features one would need in a cellphone . 
it is lightweight , sleek and attractive . 
this phone is very user-friendly , easy to manipulate &#38; very convenient to scroll in menu etc . 
the time taken in shifting from one menu option to other is in microseconds only . 
it has fm radio option and i can listen to music anytime . 
its speakerphone option allows us to do long talks conveniently , lying on bed &#38; phone lying by your pillowside . 
it comes equipped with lot of wallpapers and polyphonic sweet tunes . 
only if we could get one camera in it . . 
it did have scored over all other competitors .... 
i am enjoying my phone a lot .... 
it has lots of features such as the calendar which works like my outlook calendar . 
the keys are laid out normal so there is no guessing . 
navigating through the menus is super easy , especially if you have owned a previous model nokia phone . 
battery life is very good , i use it every day and i have to charge it every 5 or 6 days or so . 
cons : 
not many . 
the volume key can be hard to press , but i think this may be by design rather than a flaw , perhaps to keep you from pressing it accidentally when you are in a call . 
pc cable is too expensive ... $ 50 for a usb cable ? 
please ! 
is this how nokia subsidizes their free pc software ? 
the loud speaker function on the 6610 is great because you do n't need to put your phone right next to your ear to talk . 
overall design : 
this is the best phone i have seen . 
the phones are awesome . 
we hardly ever have to charge them , get great reception ( live in chicago ) , and the customization and applications are awesome . 
here 's a hint : go to nokia.com and get their pc suite and a connection cable if you dont have irda or bluetooth . 
you can do * so * much more with the pc suite , i.e. free ringtones from midi files , free graphics from any picture on your computer , and if you know how to program jme you can even make your own apps / games . 
the phone 's sound quality is great ( turn up the volume if its too quiet , people , this thing will get loud ) i dont have any complaints about this phone and the only thing that i miss from my 8290 is voice dialing . 
i bought this slick phone and i am very happy with it . 
nice and small and excellent when it comes to downloading games , graphics and ringtones from www.crazycellphone.com 
i just purchased this phone and i think this is the coolest phone i ever had . 
the features are really cool like the radio . 
the first night i got this phone i put it next to me when i went to bed just to listen to my favorite music station and the handset itself doesnt weight anything its too light and feel so comfy with it . 
technology wise , i think this is awesome plus the speaker makes it even great ! ! ! ! i love this phone ! ! ! 
why i do n't can this product without a plan ? 
i 'm live in brazil and i need very to buy this product without a plan to use in here in other operators . 
i 'm pay in auto-debit in my account . 
please , if anyone want sell to me this cell phone in my conditions , i 'm wait very happy . 
thanks ! 
the phone is small , light , and very attractive . 
the battery life is amazing . 
the color screen is a plus , as are the polyphonic ringtones . 
i 'm not one who uses web browsing , so this phone easily met and surpassed my needs . 
this is a very light phone - a little less than 3 oz , with long battery life ( not as long as the new polymer technology ) . 
on an average , you would charge it once a week . 
the hands-free speakerphone is quite powerful ( like the motorola phone , i used to own ) . 
in addition it comes with a sleek and powerful headset . 
the built in fm radio is excellent for people traveling by public transport . 
if you buy the stereo headset , you will enjoy it much more . 
the pc sync feature is superb that comes with nokia pc suite software ( with data cable or infrared port or bluetooth ) . 
no more hazzles of keying in all data , using the small phone keypad . 
just maintain them ( phonebook , calendar and to-do list ) in ms outlook or lotus notes and transfer data back and forth . 
additionally , it has more fun stuff like more tones , wallpapers , screensaver , stop clock , alarm , java applications ( chess , currency converter etc. ) 
the mobile text messaging , chat , picture sharing etc. other nicities , that you would enjoy . 
the mms technology is very well integrated with this phone , which you will enjoy . 
the built-in camera they offer these days is more of kids stuff . 
if you have a good digital camera , there is no reason to consider the camera capabilities of a mobile phone . 
however , if you are keen , you can attach a camera to this phone . 
i have not yet discovered the internet features yet , which i will be doing soon . 
i felt that i should write this comment asap , as i am quite excited in using its features . 
i can recommend this phone to anyone , anytime . 
in true nokia style , the phone is simple to use and despite its delicate appearance , this little guy is as durable as other nokias i have owned . 
the phone book is very user-friendly and the speakerphone is excellent . 
even better , with the optional headset you can listen to music over the integrated radio . 
if there are any drawbacks to this phone here they are . 
although i find it more convenient to use 1-touch dialing , this phone does not have voice dialing . 
the keypad is a decent size , but the power on/off key is small and difficult to press . 
however , the battery life is good enough you should n't be overly concerned with turning this phone off . 
great features .. . 
i have had no problems with the phone . 
friends of mine are always asking about it and wanting to use it . 
i 've even had one friend buy one immediately after a test drive . 
great phone , i 'd buy another . 
the service from t-mobile is very good too . 
in all a winning combination . 
worth every penny ! 
great phone , easy to use , excellent network , no regrets ! ! ! 
nokia and t-mobile really teamed up well on this baby . 
it puts an end to organizational deficiencies as well as communications and internet , without a bulky phone like the treo or something , which i had to cell because i was so unhappy with it . 
now my little 6610 is the most coveted item at school ! 
people have paid me money just to borrow it because its so elegant . 
service is great as far as i can tell , features work like a charm , ringtones are high quality if you buy them from t-mobile and aim is great . 
now i can always be in contact . 
this is probably your best bet if you are looking for a phone in this price range , or like me , do not have the patience to deal with annoying flip phones . 
a great deal in general ! 
i would not give up this phone for the world . 
1 month , no problems , great phone i 'm very pleased with my 6610 phone . 
yes , the features are numerous . 
the speakerphone works better than any speakerphone i 've ever had . 
people i talk to on the speakerphone are shocked when it comes out at times that i 'm even using a speakerphone . 
the sound quality is excellent , except , maybe a * tad * too quiet at times when there are quieter talkers on the other end of the line . 
the included earpiece is very comfortable and easy to use . 
i have not had any distortion problems with this phone and am more pleased with this phone than any i 've used before . 
nokia has definitely won me over with this one . 
the radio feature has superb sound quality . 
i 've compared this phone to others such as 6100 , siemens sl55 . 
even though they might be smaller many people seem to have alot of problems with them . 
it has a classic design yet looks hip . 
is a lot better compared to the toy phone design of the nokia 7210 with its cheap feel . 
this phone is great as a whole and is not like others with one or two good qualities . 
great screen and great sound . 
ok , everybody loves the fm radio in this , but you want a cell phone first , right ? 
the 6610 excels as a cell phone , thank god . 
the voice quality is very good , and it gets great reception ( that is , in places where you get t-mobile coverage , which is not that good ; see below ) . 
the color screen makes this free-after-rebates phone shine bright , and commands are very responsive . 
my only gripe about the hardware is the buttons . 
nokia seems on a campaign to revamp the phone keypad , which imho is totally unnecessary . 
this model does have the traditional key arrangement , it 's just that they are really close to one another , and have unconventional shapes , so it takes a big getting used to for someone like me with big hands . 
( to be fair , the same can be said about many korean imports , and the nokia 's build quality is light years ahead of the koreans . ) 
other than that , this is a perfect phone for those of us with no patience for flips . 
finally , i reiterate my thumbs-down rating for t-mobile as a carrier . 
their network coverage is very sporadic , and the network always seems overloaded , resulting in very unpleasant calling experience . 
if you can get this phone for cingular or at&t , go with the other carriers . 
after using it , i found the size to be perfect for carrying in a pocket . 
it is just a tad small to hold to your ear with your shoulder , but that is solved with the very comfortable handsfree ear-piece which is included . 
the ear-piece has a button that answers and hangs-up the phone so you do not have to mess with the phone at all , unless dialing a number . 
unfortunately , the 6610 does not offer voice dialing like my previous phone , but the other features it packs outweighs this shortcoming . 
when i turned the phone on , the first thing that hit me is how good the screen is . 
the resolution is very good and the colors are bright and even changeable ! 
the phone has several color schemes you can choose from . 
i like the default blue . 
you can also set a background wallpaper . 
the ringtones included are awesome , and did i mention they were polyphonic ? 
no more annoying series of beeps . 
this phone plays up to 4 tones at one time and it actually sounds like music . 
you can also assign special rings and graphics to special people when they call . 
the massive phonebook can hold 300 entries , with multiple phone number per entry , so you can program your boss 's home , work and cellphone numbers all under one contact . 
the phone also sports an image gallery ( with option camera attachment ) , a calendar / organizer , alarm clock with snooze , fm radio ( way cool , even if it is just through an ear-peice ) , games , java applications and gprs high-speed internet connection . 
the gprs connection is sometimes slow , and writing instant messages with the included aol instant messenger software is a pain , but the other t-zones applications are quite useful . 
you can get weather , movies , horoscopes and more with a few clicks . 
the service deafults to showing the information associated with your billing zip code , but you can change the default and seach other areas while on the go . 
one downside : as of this writing , t-mobile has n't updated their t-zone system to fully support the 6610 . 
their website does not show it as a compatible phone , and should i try to access the game downloads on t-zones the system returns an error message saying my phone is not supported . 
i have been assured this will be fixed soon . 
now , for the t-mobile service : 
i cannot say enough good things about the people who answer the phones . 
if you have a question , they have the answer . 
and should they not know it , they can find it out pretty quick . 
every phone experience has started with a very brief time on hold followed by a cheerful representative answering the phone . 
the rate plans are also very good , at least for me . 
different people have different needs , of course , but the t-mobile plans are priced very well for the minutes and services you receive . 
the phone would have received 5 stars if the phone had voice dialing and the game downloads from t-zones worked . 
this phone is highly recommended otherwise . 
with all its complicated features , the menus are easily accessible and the quality of the features is great . 
the design is sleek and the color screen has good resolution . 
it is very light weight and has a good signal strength . 
however , the main problem that i think is the with the sound quality . 
it is not as good as the samsung phones that i have used earlier . 
but , i would definately recommend this phone . 
go for it ... 
this is one of the nicest phones nokia has made . 
i do recommend getting the data kit for those geeks . 
there are a lot of cool websites with games and midi ringtones to download for free . 
