Perhaps Semantic could work out the efficiency a little, but these reviews are highly exagerated... I would ask what else these people are running on their computers(?)
I would ask what else these people are running on their computers(?)
So, if you have a fairly fast computer (1 gig or better) with plenty of ram (512) and your not gaming online or running streaming video continually, you should be fine.
This is pretty standard for an up to date computer anymore, so what's the fuss?
I just got an older 866 Mhz system with 512 PC 133 RAM and it also runs fine on that.
Both the antivirus and firewall are integrated into one piece of software and they update together.
You won't need to update your firewall and antivirus separately or install two disks.
The best part of the firewall is the visual backtracking.
An infected computer tried to launch an attack on mine and I was able to get a map and address of the server.
Some of the options are confusing, especially when the popup warnings occur, but I've had no problems with intrusions.
Norton pops up a window about the intrusions and gives me as much detail as possible about where the intrusion is coming from.
The popup blocker and anti-spam are bonuses.
Seems to work great.
Sorry to hear about all the other folk's problems....makes me wonder why I'm NOT having any (I'm running Win XP as well).
And the firewall came with a wizard which made it effortless to configure it to my LAN.
The product has worked perfectly for me on my XP.
No more banner ads, pop-ups, and the reliable antivirus.
I work on word, explorer, netscape, acrobat reader, photoshop at same time (meaning using a lot of memory), but still dont see a problem with computer (getting slow or crashing).
I have XP with 256MB RAM, 40GB memory.
 This is also the case with NIS 2004.
I've seen many reviews praising 2003 and cursing 2004.
I upgraded from NIS 2003, and the change in performance has not been noticeable.
On the contrary, I'm quite pleased with my upgrade.
It works better and has more useful features than NIS 2003.
The installation, set-up, and operating interfaces are well organized and intuitive and the email spam component works well.
PIII 1Ghz 512MB RDRAM Windows XP Pro 80GB HD  I was able to Uninstall NIS 2003 and Install NIS 2004 with no trouble.
First, I turned off my cable modem.
Then I disabled both Norton Antivirus and Norton Internet Security.
I used "Add/Remove Programs" to unistall NIS 2003.
In "Add/Remove, you must selecting the program's Change button.
After that was complete, I deleted the Norton Antivirus and Norton Internet Security folders left in the "Programs" section of Windows XP.
Next I de-fragged my hard drive.
I did not use the Rnis.exe, since I have WinFax Pro on my system. I did not touch the Windows Registry, for the same reason.
I installed, activated and registered NIS 2004 without issue.
So far, the Anti-Spam feature seems to be very good.
Their products have been great and have saved my bacon on numerous occasions.
