many of our disney movies do n't play on this dvd player . 
i spoke to a rep. at apex and was told that a new format is being used and we wont be able to view any disney movies made in the last couple months . 
player has a problem with dual-layer dvd 's such as alias season 1 and season 2 . 
for the money , get a better quality player . 
i know the saying is " you get what you pay for " but at this stage of game dvd players must have better quality than this - there is no excuse . 
will never purchase apex again . 
customer service and technical support are overloaded and nonresponsive - tells you about the quality of their products and their willingness to stand behind them . 
pass this player up , and never believe the reviews on a product right before christmas ! 
then my dvds would stop playing in the middle , or not even be read at all . 
new cds almost always began skipping after a few plays . 
i thought it was just the player , but then i started checking the discs to find that the apex 2600 is actually ruining my media . 
there are funny little ridges on the dvd that look like the slice of a tree trunk ! 
this player is not worth any price and i recommend that you do n't purchase it . 
i intend to contact the company , but from what i 've read . 
i just got screwed out of fifty bucks . 
no way to contact their customer service . 
very bad quality . 
the door would not close . 
i tried to contact apex to return it ( i missed the amazon return period ) and it took 3 months to get through to their customer service dept . 
i am still trying to resolve it four months later . 
- not playing some dvds and then finally after less than 60 days , it just would not recognize anything i pop in it . 
save money on the long run - buy something decent once instead of buying cheap every month . 
it did also seem to have a strong " new electronics " smell for some time . 
i especially like the more commonly used buttons , such as play , pause , and stop , to be larger and conveniently placed . 
while it is true that it will stand on end , it is also easy to knock over that way . 
i also did n't like the way it displayed information way down into the screen when you are in zoom mode . 
the zoom goes up and down in magnification , which is nice , but there is always a display of the zoom size about one-quarter of the way down from the top of the screen that interferes with viewing at most settings . 
having spent considerable time with professional video gear , i find onscreen displays annoying . 
i have not used the progressive scan feature . 
this model has come down in price since i purchased mine . 
while it seems like some people have had trouble with theirs , mine has run well , and i would recommend it if you are considering a dvd player purchase . 
any possible problems should be weighed against the bang-for-the-buck factor , along with the fact that companies like apex seldom have good after-sale support . 
i have had this player for 3 months and have been able to see a total of 6 dvd 's , after the frustration and aggrivation of getting the player to do it 's job . 
i have tried many times to get a hold of apex who does n't seem to answer their emails and telephone number is constantly busy as ( i believe ) the one lonely customer service rep is probably extremely overworked . 
as i emailed to the the customer service department , the only thing this player has done consistantly is use enought electricity to keep the red led burning . 
do yourself a favor and save your money to get something of better quality , or at least works . 
wo n't play a lot of discs . 
i can only confirm what other customers have said - crap ! 
some movies it played yesterday , it wo n't play today . 
it wo n't play 80 % of my movies , which are all store boughten . 
tech support from apex is literally - nonexistent . 
amazon , do your customers a big favor , do n't carry this item , and give them refunds ! 
there should have been a recall on this product . 
fair warning - do not buy . 
i repeat - do n't wast your money . 
it is embarassing getting phone calls from family members telling you that the dvd player you gave them less that 3 months ago is no longer working . 
one stopped working in february and the other in march . 
amazon has been working with me to refund my money , but they reminded me that i have past the 30 day return policy and this was a courtesy return . 
i have had great experience with amazon , but i will probably not buy electronics any more from them to avoid any future return problems . 
the dvd player does not work properly . 
the player usually plays dvd 's , but has occasional problems such as : 1 ) not recognizing a dvd 2 ) stopping a particular point in a movie every time we played it 3 ) not being able to access certain special features on a rental dvd . 
after we discovered the problems , we tried to contact apex ( fkor 3 months ) , but we never got in touch with them.the customer support telephone number is always busy , and they do not answer their web customer support . 
unfortunately it can 't play all of the dvd . 
i have several tv shows on dvd so they are divided by episode . 
on 2 dvds so far it refuses to play certain episodes with no problems on the others on the dvd . 
luckily i also have a ps2 which can play those episodes the player can 't . 
unfortunately i bought a player because the ps2 could n't play all my dvds , and now the player can 't play everything . 
i hate apex but love amazon , and i tell everyone . 
do not buy this player . 
we 've purchased 3 universal remotes so far-all claiming to work " apex " dvd players and none worked . 
called customer service and basically was told to either keep buying univ. remotes to try or buy the replacement remote for $ 23 ( which is almost half of what i paid for the whole player ) . 
if anybody knows of a remote to work this-i 'd love to hear from you ! 
( on here of course ) also , a couple dvd 's would n't play and they were new ones ! 
i had to return the remote on this product because it appeared to be defective . 
it took over 2 months and repeated follow-up to get it replaced . 
the customer service dept did not list a toll free number and it was a real hassle to get through on their regular line . 
i would not be inclined to purchase an apex product again . 
door broke after a month . 
unit took forever since the begiining to recognize and play discs . 
after @ 3 months , it stoppped playing higher number scenes on dvds . 
it sends discoutinous signals to tv , so the tv has the pictures for one moment and has only the white noise for the other moment . 
the other thing i do n't like about this 2600 is that it makes the color look over saturated . 
maybe it 's good for tvs with not so good color settings , but not good for my tv that already has very vibrant pictures . 
there were sharp screw tips on the underside of the unit coming from inside that were obviously used to anchor the internal control board . 
after hooking the thing up , i found that it would only played less than 50 % of the dvds i put in it . 
most of the dvds i was trying were fairly new and were in great condition . 
the dvd player just would't recognize them . 
it would spin , read , spin some more and then show on the display that there was no disc . 
i ended up sending the unit back to amazon . 
i have not even used my new dvd player and already i am disapointed ! 
i have been trying for over a week to contact apex . 
they will not respond to my emails ( promised turnaround time is 24 hours ) and the phone line is constantly busy . 
all i am looking for is a rebate form ! 
same story as everybody else when trying to get service from apex - nothing . 
pay a few more bucks and get something else - it 'll be worth it in the long run . 
this unit was working fine for the 1st month and a half and then the color signal disappeared . 
apex has still not responded to my email describing the problem after almost a week and their customer service line is always busy . 
this dvd play is basicly junk . 
i tried called apex cust service , no help . 
do n't waste your money . 
i have sent my ad2600 back to apex because it wo n't play certain disney and other dvd movies ( no disc message ) . 
they sent me a new ad2600 with the same problem . 
i call apex customer service and they told me that there is a known problem with the model playing disney and other movies and that it is not there problem so i 'm stuck with a new dvd player that wo n't play my kids disney movies . 
one bad thing though , i find the remote-control a bit flimsy and i predict it will most probably ' die ' before the player does . 
i purchased two of these players for christmas gifts , and both were bad . 
the first one would n't work from the start . 
the second lasted about two weeks before the video went out ! 
amazon.com promptly refunded my money for the first one , because a replacement was not available ( thanks amazon.com ! 
i am still trying to resolve the problem with the second one . 
but about 25 % of dvd 's i 've played on ithave a problem , when watching a movie the picture will freeze , but the dvd still plays , and eventualy the picture kicks back in after skipping a few moments . 
usually i just skip to the next chapter to avoid it . 
annoying . 
there was neither picture nor sound . 
connecting the same outputs to a video card in my computer , there was sound but still no picture . 
the trouble shooting section in the user 's manual , suggesting correct and secure connections , does n't help . 
i searched on the internet and found one tip which solved our problem : press i/p button on the remote control . 
it makes the dvd player to switch between interlace mode and progressive scan mode . 
obviously there is no composite video output and different analog audio signals at progressive scan mode . 
it worked from 12-26 to 1-9 at which time the picture failed completely ( see other negative reviews-my unit was n't the only one this happened to . ) 
i tried calling the support number for a week , several times a day , and always got a busy signal . 
i also registered the unit online and posted two messages to the apex support person ( there can 't possibly be more than one ! 
neither message was answered ( they ask for 24 hours before replying - i 've been waiting 27 days . ) 
i finally returned the unit to the company along with copies of my messages and return info . 
let me quote a customer service rep from one of the authorized apex service locations in my state ( they only service apex tv 's , not dvd players ) : 
" you can send it in , but i would n't count on ever seeing it or a replacement again . 
it only read the dvds 10 % of the time , otherwise i would get a no disc screen . 
i got this dvd player as a gift and had to send it back . 
amazon was supposed to send me another one , but did n't and sent me a gift certificate instead ( i 'm guessing because the price has gone up on this unit since december ). 
i 've had this player for several months and it reads most discs , but it would not recognize several discs that were clean and read on other players ( from friends season 2 ) . 
it would just spin up and stop , and display " no disc " . 
my other gripe is the incredibly crappy remote , which is worse than other , cheaper apex units . 
for some reason they made the navigation buttons all one button , a ring around the enter / play button . 
you have to press the buttons hard and frequently i end up pressing enter when i meant to scroll . 
also , for some reason the picture looks washed out on s-video , with lots of color bleeding , compared to a component connection ( should not be much of a perceptible difference on a 27 " tv ). 
and the remote is cheap and cheasy - not sure how long it 'll last , but for 50 bucks what the heck ! 
i have ice age and it keeps telling me no disc . 
i 've tried someone elses and the same thing happens . 
i 've attempted to connect this unit to several different tvs , using a multitude of connection methods , and i still can 't get a video signal from the machine . 
i highly regret trying to save a few $ with this purchase . 
the most recent is that it will stop responding to the on/off button . 
the light goes from red to green but no display or any operation whatsoever . 
i end up unplugging it from the wall for a few hours and when i try again it will work fine.at least until this problem arises again . 
i 've registered this unit at www.apexdigialinc.com and listed the problem . 
i 've sent 10 e-mails to their customer service department requesting an ra with no response . 
i 've called the service number and if it 's not busy , it rings forever then eventually dumps you . 
once i actually got to an answering machine and left a message . 
still no response . 
i will never purchase anything from this company ever again and have logged my complaint with the bbb . 
3/4 way through the first disk we played on it ( naturally on 31 days after purchase ) the dvd player froze . 
now it will not load any disk or just says that there is no disk . 
this product sucks , the customer service from apex sucks . 
i should n't have been cheap , should have bought a toshiba . 
after using it for just a month , i could not play any dvd . 
i can only hear the sound but no picture ! 
their customer ( www.apexdigitalinc.com ) service is very poor . 
no contact phone number , only eamil contact which did not respond me . 
one of the dvd 's i received as a christmas present kept freezing . 
some dvd 's i rented would not play . 
now , i suddenly have no picture . 
i will say this . 
when the player was working it was great ,but . 
first of all , i bought this dvd as a christmas present for my girlfriend and i am somewhat disappointed . 
what disappointed me is the fact that it does not seem to read certain dvds . 
for example , i tried playing my new " pirates of the carribean " extra features dvd , but this dvd player can not read it . 
at first i thought it is only a isolated incident , but i was proven wrong when the player would not read my " alias " dvds as well . 
apex sucks ! 
only the cheap and poor would buy one . 
the catch is that , while it plays movies just fine , it has refused to read second discs with the movie " extras " on them on the two occaisions when i tried to do that . 
it 's not a big deal for me . 
i simply watched the extra features on another player . 
had this been my only dvd player , though , it would have been a real problem . 
as it is , i 'm keeping the machine . 
video output stopped workin . 
this was an awesome player , before the video output no longer worked ( after about 3 weeks ) . 
i might have gotten a lemon , but this is not the first report of video output failure on this machine . 
i am returning it , and again in the market for a multiformat dvd , svcd , vcd , mp3 , etc. player . 
set up was easy and we enjoyed it for just over a week . 
but after 10 days , the sound worked , but the video quit working . 
great feature list , poor reliability . 
output went black and white only via both s-video and composite connections , and with no v-hold . 
thankfully amazon has free return shipping ! 
forget about the sleek looks if it can 't play some of your real dvds. 
well , within 45 days the video output quit working ( both rca & optic ) . 
update : january 27th 2004 - the second one crapped out only after a week - dont buy this product ! 
i immediately had problems getting the player to recognize two of my favorite dvds . 
after " loading " for what seemed like a very long time , the display indicated " no disk " . 
after multilple tries , one of the disks was finally recognized but video was poor and features not available . 
only one disk played through to completion successfully . 
at $ 49 . 
i guess you get what you pay for . 
i 'd recommend against this unit . 
when we tried to hook up the first one , it was broken - the motor would not eject discs or close the door . 
strike 1 .
when i tried to install the second dvd player in my brothers house , that one didn " t work either ! 
imagine my shock - and absolute instant disdain for any products made by apex . 
the 2nd dvd player had a faulty power supply which caused to occasionally not turn on . 
do not recommend . 
the ad-1600 did n't work corectly from the start and the ad-1220 lasted about a week and a half before it started to act up . 
my recommendation is to wait on buying one from this company as they will surely get sent a message of many returned dvd players after christmas 2003 . 
i hoping they will then begin building quality dvd players again , as i do like them . 
it really does n't make any cents $ $ to build a great reputation then destroy it from lack a research and testing in one season . 
we tried the " finding nemo " dvd and when we got to ~ chapter 28 , the frames started to freeze for no reason . 
cleaned the dvd , tried again , no luck . 
i pulled out our old non-progressive scan toshiba , hooked it back-up and the " finding nemo " dvd works fine . 
i agree with previous posts that you get what you pay for . 
i can 't rate it one star only because when it does work it 's pretty good . 
only owned it about two weeks so i expect we 're looking at getting another progressive scan dvd player of higher quality very soon . 
the player kept displaying " no disc " , so i tried the disc in another machine and sure as @ # * ! 
it worked . 
i even went as far as calling the technical support number on the disc . 
the person i talked to suggested i take the dvd player back and swap it out with another . 
the other company is currently " out of stock " so i ordered another from amazon and will be taking the original back to the competitor today . 
hopefully the replacement from amazon will work just fine . 
if not i will avoid apex products in the future . 
1 ) frame freezes and the family yells , " dad ! somethings wrong with the dvd player ! come quick ! " 
2 ) the remote works , but then it does not work , and you are left standing there thinking you are doing something wrong . 
3 ) you must press the play button and hold it for a couple of seconds otherwise it will not work and you will think the whole unit is broken . 
4 ) it did play my jpeg photos but wow , trying to figure it out was really something ! 
5 ) this apex model 2600 will not work with my universal remote control . 
i dare you to surf the net and find the code . 
you will be told goldstar codes work , and you will be told zenith codes will work , and radio shack will give you apex codes but they will not work . 
finally you will read a post somewhere that all codes are useless for the apex 2600 . 
and then you will start to belive them . 
if this is your fist dvd player . 
save yourself some aggrivation . 
one still works fine , the other quit after one day . 
when i hooked it up it only produced sound - a cd played fine , but with a dvd i only got the audio - no picture ! 
let 's face it - when you want to watch a movie you want to see a picture . 
as i travelled internationally and did n't want to haul it back on a plane with me it was an expensive addition to the recycling bin . 
had to buy my dad a different dvd player locally ( panasonic ) which worked just fine . 
save your cash - go for a brand that actually cares about their reputation . 
seemed like a good deal , but this pos frequently cannot recognize dvds and music cds -- takes a long time loading and then concludes , " no disc " . 
sent mine back . 
i 'd look elsewhere . 
granted , i have only used this dvd player for about 2 hours setting it up for my mom for christmas , but that was long enough for me to find problems with this dvd player . 
first , the player did not allow me to access the menus of dvds . 
when i hit " menu " it told me , " playback only . " 
i actually had to re-open the drawer and close it to get back to the dvd menu . 
the remote is flimsy-feeling and awkward to use . 
it played only one out of three dvd 's without problems , the other two being afflicted by a number of glitches . 
both of the problem dvd 's would repeatedly freeze during playback , while the counter on the player kept going . 
one also exhibited extremely slow speed when going to the menu . 
these problems were consistent , and also not present on another dvd player . 
the dvd door would scratch the top of the disc every time it closed . 
all in all , trying to save some money on this player resulted in me shelling a great deal more when i purchased a much nicer dvd vcr combo player to make up for blazing crappiness of this very embarassing gift . 
i was impressed by this very inexpensive player.for the first three hours , and then it died . 
i was told that it is no longer available , so there must be something really wrong with it . 
there are a couple of quirks that were a bit annoying like having to actually press the power button before the tray will open ( my prev. machine did it automatically ) , and the fact that the external display is too small and too faded to read from any significant distance . 
i get to chapter 34 and everything freezes ! 
ok , that happens , so i try to skip the chapter . 
nothing ! 
unfortunately , the player would not read any of my region one dvds. even though they were not damaged in any way . 
i called apex 's support number numerous times but it just kept ringing . 
i hope that amazon will let me trade it for a different , more trusted brand of dvd player . 
the build quality shows why its so cheap - small scratches on the base plate , something that you would n't see on a sony and an overall plasticky feel 
2 . 
remote buttons are small and closely spaced , especially with the menu buttons . 
if these otherwise minor issues can be fixed , i would rate this a 5 star machine . 
the one i purchased for a frend as a gift will not read any dvd disc . 
however , it has failed to deliver on quality . 
it does not only have difficulty playing jpegs , it even has trouble properly playing dvd movies . 
on several different occasions it has displayed " no disc " with a disc inside . 
after reading several other reviews this appears to be relatively common . 
the 2600 had false silver plate instead of play display . 
the case had ad2600 . 
bait and switch . 
picture on web site clearly has the play display pictured , yet false silver plate . 
what is up . 
clearly a large lawsuit if i were so inclined . 
i feel that once i contact amazon that they will get to the bottom of this . 
however , it does not play windows media and i can not get it to play any of my divx rips . 
i guess that i can not complain since it does not actually claim to play vcd / svcd formats , but others say they can . 
can 't say whether i rec 'd an " updated " model but it will not read dvd + rw 's or vcd 's for me . 
