The quality, detail and clarity is much better than the Sony in my opinion. 
The only knock I have is that the flash is underpowered. 
This is a common problem with all ultra compacts, but I think I will probably go out and buy an external flash at some point. 
A few of my indoor shots could have benefited from a stronger flash, but even those shots were not all that bad. 
After 57 pictures total the LCD went black except for the icons showing the settings. 
LCD works fine for reviewing images already on the card so it, the LCD, still works, however the camera will not allow new pictures to be taken. 
Tried multiple cards both fast and slow speeds and different batteries. 
All had the same results. 
you can set the optical zoom before shooting and than while shooting video adjust a digital zoom in and out however due to the cameras light weight Camera shake is a problem to contend with. 
The disadvantages of this camera is it has been having some trouble with its autofocus on a few occasional pictures, especially quick candid shots where you start up and shot as quick as you can. 
As much as I am happy about this great little camera, it is overshadowed by the fact that the LCD is easily spoilt.
The SD500 has only been in my possession for a little over 3 months, and the LCD has been broken twice. 
The first time, I paid $165 (excluding shipping) to have it fixed by Canon Service Center. 
I am still waiting news as to whether I will be charged for the 2nd time.
I would not deny that some cameras are not treated with care. 
However, it was not so in my case.
$500 may not be a lot of money for some, but it is for me. 
Treating my cameras, past and present, with utmost care ensures my investment. 
In response to "testing" the LCD through pressure in the center and sides, I am glad that it did not cause any damage. 
Otherwise, I would have changed my one-liner to "useless" instead of "flimsy".
My SD500 was kept in a case all the time if not being used. 
I took it out one day and the LCD was not working. 
Who knows… maybe the service center did a sloppy job in fixing the camera the first time, that it is easily broken. 
Although the SD500 takes great quality photos, the sensitivity of the LCD compromises the quality overall.
I read all the reviews on cnet, steve's, dpreview and a host of other sites before i decided to buy this camera. 
All were generally favorable but i still had my doubts just because their review is based largely on the kind of photography that they do. 
The buttons are rather stiff. 
There were many times when I clicked the automatic shutter and nothing happens. 
It seems you have to double click some of the time, but not all of the time. 
Huh? I missed out on lots of photos and lots and lots came back blurry. 
The LCD screen is too small since there are so many cameras that have larger ones.
