The only thing I don't like is the small size (8 MEG) memory card that comes with it.
I have to move pictures off of it every day so I have room for more pictures the next, and I don't have enough money to buy the 256 MEG card that I've had my eye on for a while.
Other than that pictures taken in the dark are not as nice as I'd like them,
First off, the battery.
This camera uses a lithium battery, I find lithium batteries to be highly inconvenient; because what if you are on vacation, where the nearest place to buy batteries is just a gas station--there is no way that you are going to find lithium batteries there.
Not only is it inconvenient, but also the battery life span is short.
The longest I've had it work was about 1 hour and 45 minutes.
Another problem I had with this camera was the zoom function.
Such a small zoom length that you would think that the zoom would be silent since it hardly zooms in...wrong!
Very wrong.  
The zoom function on this camera is so loud that sometimes you will be unable to use it if you find yourself in a situation where you must be quiet.
Even just turning the camera on will move the lens a little, resulting in a noisy start-up.
The flash is very weak.
Really dissapointing. If you are inside, you can't be any farther away then 10 feet in a lit room.
The last problem I found with this camera was the macro function.
The auto-focus on the camera seems to have trouble focusing on the subject.
To make matters work, there is no manual override to overcome this problem.
I find it a bit difficult to manage the very tiny buttons and impossible to read the icons without my reading glasses on.
Its size makes holding it steady for long a bit of a challenge (not enough camera body to grip with more than your finger tips).
2) The delay from the time you fully depress the shutter to the time the picture is taken is too long and may yield some fuzzy shots. 
This is due to the unusually slow autofocus system.
4) The camera gets really hot when you are busy snapping away.
It is hot enough to be annoying.
Canon says it's normal. 
I have found it gets less warm with the LCD off.
I left the camera in my car in Maine (not a very hot place) and the LCD screen cracked !
I then realized a major design flaw.
All the camera's functionality is only available (or selectable) when the screen is functional.
When the screen stops working, you're out of luck !
The viewfinder does not accurately represent the pucture being taken.
The LCD should be used.
However, in dark settings you must use the viewfinder. 
The digital zoom is crap.
Turn it off. 
I originally gave this camera 5 stars. When I had Windows 98 it was wonderful but I got a new computer last November with XP the usb software is Sooo... not compatible with XP
I have found however that you can just buy a card reader to solve this problem.
The Adobe software also was wonderful in 98 but it will not let you print correctly with XP so you are forced to create your document then either print it from Windows or export it to another application.
When taking pictures of people, however, it shows EVERY flaw in the subject's skin.
Scratches, oil, freckles are magnified and come out looking horrific.
It requires extensive Photoshopping to fix the flaws.
