i hope it 's because it 's new and they are not out yet , but being without a remote is hard . 
you 're going to need to buy new headphones , the stock ones suck 
hopefully , this player will out sell the ridculously over-hyped i-pod . 
if you want to be a poser and follow the herd , mooooooh , then buy the i-pod . 
otherwise , be smart , save the cash . 
the sound is excellent , but a tip : get a real pair of headphones . 
you wo n't appreciate the quality this thing has to offer unless you are using a good set of cans. 
the main problem with the nomad jukebox zen xtra 30 gb is the software . 
on my relatively new computer ( p4 with windows xp and usb 2.0 ) , the os complained about the installation of the drivers . 
despite the instructions insisting that the process was fairly automatic , i had to install the usb drivers and the nomad interface software manually . 
the interface software itself , which should be user-friendly , was anything but easy-to-use . 
with the nomad explorer software , songs should be drag-and-drop . 
i have not yet tried the cd-ripping program . 
the player itself has all sorts of problems . 
overall , a very disappointing product . 
the setup process for the nomad is infuriating , and the interface with the player is sub-par . 
the player 's mechanics are also flawed . 
although the sound-quality is good , it takes more than good sound on a portable-mp 3 player to result in a good product . 
the blue-screen display in the zennx xtra model is an improvement , but the toggle switch is still tricky . 
zennx 's capacity / price ratio on the 30g model ( $ 10/gig ) ) trumps ipod 's 30g model ( $ 14/gig ). 
choosing zennx is a no-brainer when factoring in the cost of a new $ 400 + ipod every few years versus the $ 50 cost of replacing zennx 's rechargeable battery . 
zennx hopefully will gain market share and prompt arrogant apple to lower prices and enable consumers to replace the battery . 
update : apple recently announced that for $ 107 , it will replace the battery in ipods shipped to their factory . 
lithium ion rechargeable batteries are good for 300-500 rechargings , so battery lifespan will vary according to your usage . 
still , apple continues to squeeze dollars from consumers by not designing the battery to be replaceable . 
getting the program to install properly has been a living hell experience . 
the cd just has too many problems with win xp . 
i am going to have to try an online download and see if that works . 
also , the instruction manual is very bad . 
also , the sound is wonderful ... my only gripe were those aweful earphones that this came with . 
come on, at $ 300 they could at least put in a good pair of earphones . 
sheesh ! ! 
transfering - i could not get my songs to completely transfer via usb 1.1 or 2.0 . 
it would only transfer 30 or so songs , and then come up with an error . 
having 4000 or so mp3s , i never got more than 500 transfered . 
scroll button - the scroll wheel was a nice idea to keep less clutter , but the button would sometimes get stuck or keep scrolling . 
the cons are n't really a big deal to me ... except one con that does annoy me is the way it stores files ... no folder structure ... and it 's based on the title of the songs ... many of my songs where seperated into folders ( on the pc ) ... and a few had same titles ... so i had to change the titles to make sure that i did n't have any that might be the same as another . 
and man ... i had to work to put my chinese songs on the player ... because i had the actual chinese names of the songs as the title .. 
and since the current language selection was english ( even though i think only the menu supports chinese , and not the track info ) ... all it saw were " ? " s and even though the songs had different names in chinese .. 
if it had the same number of " ? " s then it would ask if you want to overwrite another song that just had the same number of " ? " s. . . 
buyer beware ! sort your songs and adjust the titles accordingly ( maybe this applies to other players too , and not just the nomad , i do n't know ) . 
i would 've still bought this drive even if i knew about this issue beforehand . 
unlike my 3 other mp3 players , this thing will only work properly if you have id3 tags on all of your tracks . 
if you do n't have tags , it 'll lump all of your tracks into the same directory and they cannot be searched via artist or album as the zen does not recognize folders . 
it 's a shame , but mine is going back . 
bummer as it has great sound quality . 
the little jog dial seems weak and quirky and i hope i do n't figure out a way to break it . 
the dial on the original zen was perfect and i wish it was on this model . 
- the controls are much inferior to the simple ipod ones . 
the black fly wheel feels pretty cheap & is uncomfortable to use . 
the locations of various buttons on one side or the other is somewhat illogical 
- included creative software is pretty poor . 
red chair 's notmad explorer is great & recommended by about every reviewer to repleace the creative jukebox software . 
note : this will add about $ 30 to the price to purchase , but worth it 
likes 
i tried to play the song three times , with no success . 
it would either not play the song at all , or skip wildly , no matter that the unit was resting on my desk . 
well , maybe that particular song was just corrupt , so i tried to upload some of my own , after four attempts , at each one the unit locked up and required a reboot , i managed to upload an album , which albeit was surprisingly fast , however when attempting to create a playlist out of my newly uploaded songs , the nomad again froze up and refused to work . 
i made an additional five attempts at creating a playlist , before packing the unit up and heading over to amazon 's product return page . 
needless to say , i would n't recommend anyone purchasing this product . 
had there been strange noises , or obvious defects , i would have accepted a replacement , but this is clearly from a defective and inferior operating system and i for one do not intend on waiting for patches . 
the software is somewhat nice to look at , using it is not the easiest . 
if you want to rename a cd title that you have already transferred , you will become frustrated quite quickly . 
you are better off deleting it , re-ripping it with the new title and then transferring it to the player . 
the scroll wheel , to be blunt , sucks . 
the interface used could be better designed . 
and the case , how did this ever make it out of quality control . 
the cut-outs for the controls is not thought out as there is too much material in the way to adequately access the controls , especially the scroll wheel . 
there are no other aftermarket cases available for this model yet , so you have to live with it . 
however the main reason i am not satisfied with this product is the fact that it will lock up at odd times . 
i have had it lock up after a transfer of music . 
the files are there , but i could not access the player without removing the battery , waiting a short period and re-inserting the battery . 
also have had it lock up when i shut it down to attend to a phone call . 
left it set on my desk came back five minutes later and it just wanted to keep playing the same song over and over . 
could not stop it , could not get out of the " now playing " screen . 
again had to remove the battery . 
there have been other occurrences of locking , but i will not bore you with the details . 
quite simply , the firmware and / or the os that control this thing is not ready for prime time . 
there have also been times that the unit has been turned off for some period of time , upon powering it up it starts on the " now playing " screen with a song or cd that i had been playing days before . 
i have n't quite figured this one out yet , but it is probably operator error . 
now i have not owned other mp3 players as i was waiting until they matured , but since i received it as a gift i now have this one . 
i would suspect that there are similar problems with all of the other brands as this is somewhat new technology . 
and we all know about the rush to market on new products . 
i have had this player for 2 weeks , i will be returning it for an exchange in the hopes that the locking problem and scroll wheel are problems with this particular unit . 
while i am at the store i will definitely get the extended warranty as i have another day or so ( from the purchase date ) to obtain one . 
i know this unit will have problems in the future and the $ 40 for the 2 year " no questions asked " replacement warranty will be worth it , since creative will only warrant it for 90 days - which in itself is totally ridiculous ! 
2 . the scroll button is n't the best , as it sometimes can be hard to select . 
3 . that 's pretty much all the negatives the positive things truly outnumber the negatives , and the negatives are n't that bad . 
2 ) scroll button / switch 
3 ) the case hides the display - you have to open it to see what you are doing . 
features that would have been nice : 
1 ) fm receiver - some models out there have this . 
2 ) fm transmitter - so you can place the unit in your car and listen to the unit through your car stereo . 
they sell an adapter unit to use with your car 's cassette deck . 
but who wants the wires involved . 
a short range fm transmitter would be much nicer . 
i believe the napster mp3 player has this feature . 
details : 
do n't drop this unit : 
i 've had the player for about a month now . 
but for now it appears that this player does n't play well with itunes . 
scroll bar : 
the scroll bar is a bit of a pain . 
sometimes you skip past things or have to press it twice to select items . 
it 's not the end of the world , but a better design sure would be nice . 
software : 
the sound level is also not as high as i would have expected . 
it 's probably good for the health of your ears , however i consistently play it near the high end of the volume range ( and my hearing is fine ). 
in any case , navigation by artist / album is ok however i miss an ability to navigate by folders . 
you even can not navigate by genre / artist / album since under genre you get just all tracks in that genre , no other division . 
creative is talking about updating it via firmware , however after following some while the descussion groups for nomad players , looks like creative represents mostly bug fixes in their firmware updates , not too much of new features . 
the software , which comes with player is not good at all . 
i did not managed to make creative nomad explorer to work . 
after installing it and trying to make it working for 30 minutes i went and bought notmad . 
notmad worked right away after install and it is what i would like to see from the product . 
transfer files is easy using notmad , however again , would be great if nomad supported folders like iriver , rca lyra and some other . 
often i fill i need to have better organization for the library and there is not enought of variables . 
artist , album and genre are only mp3 tags which are supported buy this player , and if you have 100 artists would be good to have another subcategory . 
after all those players have 40-60 gb of hard drive , so better organization is required . 
the bottom line , i 'll still watch the progress of iriver hdd players and if they produce 40 gb player i 'll will sell my nomad and buy iriver . 
so yes , as with all software bundled with creative products , it was useless and ugly . 
for once , though , this 3rd party software is excellent . 
dont let the bad reviews of the software change your mind . 
zens rule . 
b ) the screen is hard to read -- the cover hides it an already annoying poorly lit display 
c ) the scroll bar is a travesty -- enough said 
d ) software is another great misfortune -- hard to operate , crashes frequently , screwed my music library up , doesnt work with mp4s , the list goes on and on 
e ) the case is too small -- it took me like a half hour just to get this monstrosity to fit in its cage 
f ) it doesnt look pretty -- spending this kind of cash , you want something that has the asthetics bit down , of course 
so .. . 
im taking mine back tomorrow morning , and getting a nice shiny new ipod instead . 
do n't waste your time , engery , resources on this thing , just spend a little more for a far more functional ipod . 
the software failed repeatedly . 
i could n't load more than one song before the software crashed . 
creative labs customer support website is useless . 
software downloads on the site crashed my pc . 
creative tech support operators work 9-6 p.m. weekdays - as if i had time during work hours to spend time on this . 
do n't buy this thing . 
another irriation is that if you hold the scroll button down for too long , it keeps going past the song you may have wanted to stop on . 
the nomad jukebox zen xtra is a very good mp3 player but the software is it gets hurt . 
on my main computer the software did not work right . 
i had to sit on the phone with customer support for 2 hours and they did not help at all . 
i eventually gave up with customer support and worked on fixing the problem myself . 
the environmental audio , however , is almost completely useless and has made most of my songs sound worse than without it ( i encode my songs at 192-256 kbps without variable bit rates . ) 
yeah i agree the earbuds are pretty crap , replace them . 
navigation system - the zen xtra uses id3 tags that are embedded in the mp3 files to organize your songs . 
this is great as long as all of your music have id3 tags , and if you 've downloaded your songs off the internet , many probably do n't . 
it would have been much easier to use a windows explorer style navigation system . 
you can 't simply open up a folder from the player and play all the songs in it . 
whe you transfer your songs to the jukebox , it dumps all of them into a single folder , and then sorts them by the id3 tags. 
fm receiver - it has none . 
i would be nice to have a simple fm receiver so i could pick up local stations . 
that way i could get rid of a walkman alltogether . 
cheap construction - they should have made the player out of hard plastic and put some rubber on the corners . 
the songs do n't play one after another like on a cd . 
you have to add them to the playing list . 
i can 't simply bring up my entire list of songs , click play , and then hit next . 
you have to add all the songs to a play list . 
there is probably an easier way to do this , i just have n't found it yet . 
software - the software is crap . 
controls are a bit awkward . 
the controls definately took some getting used to . 
crappy headphones . 
the included earbuds were uncomfortable . 
i would replace them with some better sounding and more comfortable phones . 
difficult navigation - i wo n't necessarily say " difficult , " but i do n't enjoy the scrollwheel to navigate . 
it is a bit cumbersome , and i can 't get to the songs i want as quickly . 
if you hold down the scroll wheel too long ( which is common if you have a lot of songs to sort through ) , it will get " stuck " rapidly going through the songs and wo n't stop until several seconds after you let your finger off of it . 
case - the nomad comes with a leather holding case . 
as it stands now , the case is pretty useless unless you 're packing the player up for travel , or if you load up all your songs beforehand . 
you can cut up the case a bit with an xacto knife and make it useable though . 
but the major problem i had was with the software . 
you are not able to simply import files , but rather you have to go through multiple steps to find them . 
the instructions that come with it do n't explain how to make things simple . 
the quick sync is n't any good becuase it either needs to be configured properly or just is n't very useful . 
i tried to make sense of the file transfer program and just got more confused . 
i tried to take a cd and simply rip it onto a hard drive and then transfer into the player . 
well that was not a simple task . 
i ended up suing windows player to make mp3 's ( actually wma files ) and then using the probram to transfer . 
i think the lack of the mp3 player being able to run without special software is also a downer , becuase it makes it more cumbersome for people less computer illiterate . 
buy this for the storage and price , avoid it if you know nothing about computers . 
the navigation is nice enough , but scrolling and searching through thousands of tracks , hundreds of albums or artists , or even dozens of genres is not conducive to save driving . 
( throw a cell phone and you 're asking for trouble . ) 3a . 
creating playlists using the included software to minimize issue 3 was n't as easy as i would have liked . 
the bottom line : 
if i have to get into making playlists to avoid rear-end collisions , i 'll just buy a regular portable cd/mp3 player and burn myself collections of about 120 tracks per disk . 
sure it 's " old school " to carry a cd wallet around , but it will be easier to manage and i 'll save around 250 bucks . 
one major complaint : 
my only significant complaint is sound quality . 
the eax sound enhancement feature did n't do enough for me and the custom eq was a limited 5 band eq . 
this did not give me enough control . 
i wanted to use the nomad with a cassette style car adapter . 
i was unable achieve a sound quality on par with my simple portable cd player with " bass boost . " 
the sound quality of my cd player is superior in this setting to the nomad . 
one minor complaint : 
the documentation says to extend battery life , do not fill player to capacity . 
gee ... thanks a lot creative . 
well just one con - its not really plug and play at first i mean its very confusing to start the program but one you do it , it will be a breeze . 
enjoy . 
my only complaint would be that you need id3 tags & that takes a while to do if your mp3 files do n't have them . 
if you 're copying cds with windows media , its really simple to give your songs id3 tags , so thats what i do . 
but the earbuds suck ! 
buy new ones asap. every time you move your face or something they pop out . 
for a 250 dollar player , they could have thrown in nice headphones . 
a remote would have been cool too ... but lets not push it . 
oh ... one more thing . 
i forgot , the case does n't fit . 
my case doesnt close ... maybe mine was just faulty , but the case isnt that great . 
so far the player froze on me once ( i started pushing buttons before it loaded ) but since is hard drive based - you have to expect that . 
so all you do is stick a pin or something small in the reset button & you 're golden . 
what really made this a mediocre mp3 player for me was the software . 
not just the transfer software ( which was a hellishly horrible experience ) but also the player 's software . 
first of all , many actions that the player utilizes do n't make sense . . 
bookmarks for example , are an excellent feature ... but not on this player .. . 
rather than creating a directory for bookmarks to be found in one area , the user must actually find the track where the bookmark was made . . 
this makes no sense and sort of defeats the purpose of audio bookmarks .. . 
the dynamic playlists ( " now playing " , i belive creative calls it ) feels very awkward at times and some menus simply take to long to get to and operate .. . 
well , anyway i could go on and on on why this player did n't meet my expectations .. . 
i 'll just say this .. . 
for the average music listener not expecting much ... this may be a satisfactory mp3 player ... 
but for someone who cares about thier music collection and wants fluid and responsive playback .. . i can 't recommend this product . 
other tagging problems result ( i think ) from the nomad 's operating system . 
if you have two tracks with exactly the same name on one disk , it will not copy both -- it gives you the option of skipping the second or overwriting the first with the second . 
this is rarely a problem with any kind of popular music , but can be troublesome with classical music where tracks are identified by tempi . 
i also had it happen when recording a jazz set where there were a number of outtakes of the same song without numbering them separately . 
the way to fix this is to rename the track by adding a number yourself to the end of the track listing . 
also , i can 't understand why the software does not ignore " the " when it lists the cds in alphabetical order . 
finally , making playlists from the computer can be complicated because the tracks are listed individually , and are organized by cd , which are not listed but are organized in alphabetical order . 
in other words , to locate a track using the software on the computer and add it to a playlist , you must know the name of the cd it appears on and then find the track by locating the location of the unlisted cd by looking for tracks that appear on it . 
you do n't have this problem if you make your playlist from the nomad , where cds are listed separately . 
you need your computer , however , if you want to add tracks to a playlist . 
these are minor problems , and i list them to save anyone else the trouble of discovering them . 
had i not been in such a hurry to load cds , i would have spotted them sooner . 
also , if i had already loaded and tagged by cds on my home computer , this would not have been an issue . 
only thing missing from creative is a cd burner . 
lastly , ipod / itunes will not play wma formatted songs . 
if you have a lot of those , be prepared to convert to mp3 . 
itunes does what apple is famous for , makes software that works for the less computer saavy . 
the only thing i would complain about the zen xtra is that the controls are n't as easy as the ipod 's , or as " sexy " looking . 
as mentioned in other reviews the headphones are useless and need to be replaced right away ! 
its far more difficult to select songs and has no easy to use on the fly playlist creation such as the new ipod not to mention it does n't sinc with contact lists , phone numbers , address books , ect. like the ipod ( which eliminated my need for any kind of palm device ) . 
it also has unproven battery life . 
everyone who says i can 't buy the ipod because after excessive use in a short time ( the man who made the ipod battery life video admitted that he had used it extensively every day and charged fully every night for those 18 months , conditions under which any rechargeable battery dies . 
use this for 18 months every day and see what happens , or look at a 2 year old electric razor and see if it holds the same charge as the first day you had it ) . 
while it is an alternative to the ipod and one of the few viable ones its just that , an alternative and why would anyone seek an alternative to something that really needs no alternative choice because theres nothing wrong and everything right with it . 
i 'd like to see how well a small company supports its mp3 player in 2 years when its battery dies as all rechargeable do . 
finally the software used to put all the songs into it is vastly inferior to itunes on two levels , first it is poorly integrated into the overall player and clunky to use especially with tagging and second the wma audio format sucks , flat out sucks in terms of sound quality compared with the vastly superior aac format the apple ipod uses and it sticks you with one of the sub par paid music services such as napster instead of allowing to use the itunes store , which , if you ever plan to pay for your music , is by far the best . 
before anyone says hey you have n't used the product , i have , my friend received one for christmas instead of an ipod and has since envied me for my vastly superior product . 
* protective case completely useless as is since it obscures display window . 
had to cut out a window using a swiss army knife . 
how did this gigantic flaw go unnoticed by creative ? 
* scroll button more cumbersome than on earlier models . 
does n't always register push-button movement . 
* eax equalizer accentuates dimished quality of mp3 files . 
i have to rip everything as a 160 kbps wma file ( as opposed to 128 kbps mp3 ) to avoid hearing digital garbling . 
* does not provide enough volume when connected to larger headphones , or external receivers ( car radio ). 
* software is absolutely terrible : 
-- > will not automatically transfer songs with identical titles ( if you have live albums or greatest hits albums , this will cause you inordinate frustration ). 
-- > too difficult to change genre / album / track information for large number of tracks . 
a good player at a great price with terrible software that makes ripping and transferring way more difficult than it should be . 
my one issue with the mediasource software is that , despite pulling id3 tag data from the cdds service , the ripping process fails to populate the " year " field . 
weird . 
how does it sound ? 
the only two things that stop me from giving it 5 stars are the ho-hum software that comes with the system , and the traveling case it comes with . 
this is a powerful piece of equipment . 
it is great to no longer wonder what music i want to take with me for a cross country flight or a two week trip - now i just take everything . 
also , the carrying case that came with mine covers up the display , so even though the side controls are reachable , i have to open it up to see the display . 
it would have been better to have some sort of window on teh carrying case , so you could see the display without opening it . 
that 's my only real complaint about the nomad zen xtra , though . 
this player is an overall disappointment with a couple of big flaws that potential buyers should be wary of ; and all readers need to know about a third party software company that resolves virtually all of the creative mediasource file transfer issues . 
zen good points : 
mediasource did not recognize my tags ! 
my choices at that moment were to manually re-tag my music or re-rip using mediasource . 
i do n't think so . 
2 . despite most reviewers giving kudos to the zen for music quality , i experienced a flaw using eax . 
after about 45 mins of listening there was audible static in the player . 
when i turned eax off the static disappeared . 
when i turned eax back on the static was also not present . 
creative are * the * sound people for computers , i can 't understand why eax would introduce static . 
is eax faulty ?
is my unit defective ? 
was i just unlucky at that moment ? 
was it a full moon that night ? 
i have n't figured it out yet . 
3 . mediasource is an application with serious user interface flaws . 
do not underestimate this in your purchase decision . 
many reviewers refer to it as " clunky " or " difficult " - heed their warnings . 
some amazon reviewers say it corrrupted their music files ; 
i did n't use it long enough to know , but clearly you need to use it with caution . 
4 .the zen * stores * data files , but does not allow a folder structure nor does it allow documents to be opened or programs to be launched from its disk ( they must be copied to another hard drive to be launched ) . 
in other words , the zen is not a convenient data storage device ; only buy the capacity you need for your music collection ( see point 1. for some sizing information ) . 
my goal of using it as a music player * and * data storage device has not been met ; do n't make the same mistake . 
5 . the zen does not have a stop button ! 
you can stop playback by pressing 2 buttons , first the pause button , then the " next track " or " previous track " button . 
but this is * not documented * in the zen manual - neither the hard copy nor the cd version . 
to discover this i had to read about 10 online reviews ( with many complaints about the lack of stop button ) before i found one reviewer who was smart enough to both figure it out & document it . 
7 . mediasource did not install on my personal notebook . 
it referred to a " microsoft jet database engine " error and the install program suggested i download a service pack from the ms website to fix the problem ; 
i did that and re-installed the software but had the same error . 
creative provided e-mail support ; 
i followed their advice but that failed , too . 
i experimented with installing mediasource on 2 other computers at home and it worked fine . 
so it is probably " just bad luck " on my part that the personal notebook i own had this install error . 
however , it did motivate me to find a work-around solution . 
third party software to the rescue 
after much frustration ( above ) i found the notmad explorer ; cute product name for software that resolves virtually all of the creative mediasource file transfer & organization problems . 
i am not associated with the company , i am not providing a url , but search for notmad and you should find it pretty easily . 
this provides drag & drop transfers of music between the computer & zen ; each time it transfers music to the zen it asks if you want to generate a playlist ; it allows playlists developed in other software to be transferred to the zen ( . 
they have a whole bunch of devices that all have the same-sounding name ( and they are long ) . 
whereas some folks have the " ipod " , i have the " nomad jukebox zen xtra " ( not to be confused with the " nomad jukebox zen nx " ) . 
minor gripe . 
i can 't imagine why i would spend hundreds of dollars more to have an ipod . 
- the software that came with it was tough to load . 
i got weird messages about it not being ok 'd by microsoft ( or something like that ) , then i thought it failed to load , then it loaded . 
- the top that covered the battery kept poping off without much of a touch near the bottom latch . 
not good if you 're taking this traveling . 
the top did not fit well into the unit . ( felt defective ) 
- the cover that came with it did n't fit very well 
- the flywheel you use for most of the navigation was n't in tightly and it was uneven as far as the amount of pressure to make it engage . 
i was n't sure how long it would take before it would break . 
the construction of the player is the cheesiest i have ever seen -- the front panel refused to clip in correctly , leaving a noticeable gap between the panel and base of the player . 
this gap allowed the front panel to fly off after barely being touched . 
i can 't comment on the quality of the audio , because it was back at the store before i ripped a single cd . 
i 'm not willing to accept shoddy construction on something i paid over 250 dollars for . 
if the casing of the player is this bad , i can 't image that the hardware is of very good quality . 
do n't be pulled in by the great price -- you get what you pay for , and there 's a reason this model is so cheap . 
i 've had this thing just over a month and the headphone jack has already come loose . 
a $ 300 device and they skimped on the headphone jack ? 
so now i 've got to call their customer " service " ( of course , no 800 number ) to send the thing back . 
from the other reviews i 've read , it sounds like that wo n't be the end of my troubles . 
i fully expect it to go bad again in the same or some other way in the next 6 months because , as other reviewers have pointed out , the construction is pretty flimsy . 
now let 's talk about the software . 
like other reviewers , installation was hell . 
subsequent behavior even worse . 
after i had it a couple weeks , it got into a state where it could never find the device , no matter how often i rebooted my pc , reset the device , reloaded drivers , etc , etc. creative 's online support was no help at all . 
my gut tells me the nomad will in the long run be , at best , a 40gb portable hard drive , albeit one on which i can 't create folders , or , at worst , a very expensive lesson in companies never to buy products from again ( i have their audigy sound card and find it in many ways equally frustrating ) . 
my gut tells me i 'll also end up buying an ipod . 
which means that in trying to save a few hundred dollars , i 'll end up spending more than twice that . 
be forewarned . 
i would have given a 3 to 5 star review in my first few weeks , depending on how mad i felt about the crummy software . 
now , even 1 star seems like i 'm giving creative the benefit of the doubt . 
i will never buy a creative product again . 
i purchased a jukebox , it got fried while being recharged , they asked for $ 20usd just to look at it and said that they would charge me for repaing the damned thing . 
no way , now i have an ipod and i 'm a very happy man . 
also bought a soundblaster card that they sold for the mac . 
within months they stopped supporting the new mac os . 
what kind of a company does that ! 
3 ) folders cannot be created for the audio files . 
this is unnecessary with id3 tags but people who like to organize their music in folders will not like the zen as the audio files do not allow subfolders but rely on id3 tags . 
the workaround is to update id3 tags on your files ( through mediasource ) but it can be a hassle if you have many such music files . 
6 ) the case occludes the display screen when it is closed . 
i would have liked to be able to see what is playing without having to open the case . 
so , i 've had it for a month , and the headphone jack went out . 
i called creative and they said to send it in and they would decide if it in warranty . 
it 'll take 10-15 business days for them to decide form when they get it . 
the only thing i do n't like about this is the cover does suck . 
i dropped it from the couch , landed on carpet and the cover and battery flew out . 
headphones suck , i would invest in some cool ones since it has the eax feature . 
the software sucks . 
it overrides songs so you have to go in there and put it your own titles especially if you have remixes . 
also the feature to automatically put in the song information is n't always accurate . 
you discover this later when you 're listening to a song and it 's the wrong title , causing you to rename everything on your own . 
i 've had this thing for less than a month , treated it quite well , never dropped it , and the headphone jack is all screwed up . 
now i have to return it and rip all my music again . 
good thing i got a replacement plan . 
wish it included somebody to re-rip all the songs . 
reading other reviews , i do n't think the replacement one will be any better . 
i 'm not looking forward to ripping my entire collection every month or two . 
maybe i 'll get lucky with the next one . 
kind of bulky and the wheel is awkward , but i can deal with that . 
software definitely sucks , hangs up my notebook about half the time , but i do n't mind buying notmad . 
i am annoyed that the player 's not automatically recognized as a hard drive . 
i do n't want to install software and drivers on every computer i 'm ever at . 
makes me use it much less than i otherwise would . 
looking at the glowing reviews from people that have had this for a week or two , i kind of wish people would wait until they 've had a product a little while to review it . 
i loved it until it broke , but less than a month is not an acceptible period of time for something to work . 
i was willing to live with the larger size ( inconvenient on the road ) but the durability was a big zero . 
always carried it in a case in by briefcase but one day the hard drive just zapped . 
tech support could n't figure it out and gave up . 
minor complaints : 1 ) even though the music is sorted via id3 tag on the player , the option to search for music contained in a folder is unavailable . 
that is , if a folder on your computer called " mp3 " has slayer ( thrash metal ) , stravinsky ( classical ) , and ice cube ( rap ) in it , you will only be able to play the contents of that folder by searching for the artists or genres manually . 
the zen xtra will transfer the files to the player , but not the folder name . 
not a big hassle as many would have you think . 
2 ) having unfilled id3 tags will cause music to be potentially placed in a folder called " unknown . " 
i would recommend against using id3v2 tags , and stick with id3v1 only . 
when the previous versions of the zens were shipped with musicmatch , people had this problem because musicmatch creates both sets of tags , which seem to confuse the zen xtra . 
take the time to fill in those tags ! 
first , the sound quality is okay , but ( as at least one other reviewer has mentioned ) the eax can cause audio interference after about 30 minutes . 
at first i thought it was my headphones but it was not . 
it was just a problem with the player . 
second , the menu system and controls are poorly designed . 
the toggle button that is used to scroll is poorly designed and does not work well . 
the general button placement is not very user friendly . 
this would not be a great problem if you did n't have so much info to scroll through on a regular basis . 
third , the poor design continues with the case . 
the flap completely covers the screen because there is no window to see it . 
it also covers over the power jack when closed . 
after the first one fatally crashed , the replacement did not work . 
i bought an ipod and am very happy with it . 
my biggest complaint is the battery life or lack there of . 
there is no way the battery supplied lasts 14 hours ! 
at best , i 've gotten 3 hours + . 
i 've tried draining it until it wo n't turn on & recharging it overnight . 
no difference . 
if you 're intrested in buying a spare battery it 'll run you another $ 50 , a little steep i thought . 
i 've also had the nomad zen lock-up several times . 
the good news is if you can 't get it to reset / reboot you can still pull the battery and reinstall it . 
that 's a huge plus by itself compared to the infamous ipod and similar mp3 players where the battery is permanently installed & removing it voids the warranty . 
the nomad zen could use a little sturdier construction like the archos jukeboxes or some kind of shock resistant case . 
at the very least , a sturdier more protective carrying case would be nice . 
battery life is about 1/4 of that advertised , no operators manual available for any of the nomad zen players ( on or off-line ) , occasional software lockups , replacement battery is expensive 
note : about 2gb ( 5 % ) of the advertised 40gb of storage capacity is used for the operating software ( firmware ) . 
this is nothing new , every mp3 player , memory card , etc. , used for digital media today has some kind of preloaded operating software on it . 
creative zen feedback suffers from construction quality , poor product support , difficulty of using the scroll wheel and reasonably consistent feedback about problems with the headphone jack . 
construction quality is a difficult item . 
the zen has a detachable face plate that allows the battery to be replaced . 
what is added in functionality ( battery replacement ) detracts in build quality as the face plate is prone to popping off . 
drop if just a few inches on a hard surface and the faceplate pops off ( but not if it 's in its case ) . 
many reviewers say the faceplate simply did n't fit well so they returned the zen . 
feedback on creative 's product support is universally poor ; this is not limited to the zen , it applies to all the company 's products . 
the scroll wheel is finicky ; it works most of the time but there is a learning curve for pressing it just right ; new users say they have 50 % - 75 % success rate ; some find it so frustrating that they just return the device . 
the creative software is awkward / difficult to use and just plain does n't load on some computers . 
enough people have reported that their headphone jack does n't work after a month of using the device to believe that creative has some inbuilt manufacturing or quality control problem . 
the zen does n't support folders so it is not really a storage device ; even with third party software that " creates " folders , documents and programs can 't be launched from the zen , so it is not a hard disk , it 's a storage device at best . 
but with a low price , comes lower quality . 
i did n't abuse it , i charged it every day , but the headphone jack just sort of fizzled out . 
i tried re-setting it , i tried just about every pair of headphones in my house ( 10 pairs ) , and nothing worked . 
so i contacted customer service at creative , but they said , " if the product seems broken , we cannot help , " or something to that effect . 
wow . 
do n't get me wrong , the thing was like heaven for about a week . 
if you want a quality mp3 player , splurge on an ipod . 
if you really need to save , buy this thing on amazon , they eventually gave me a full refund . 
i bought myself an rca mp3-cd player , and i 'm happy with that until a cheap , worthwhile mp3 player coomes out . 
the software , mediasource , cannot work on my pc . ( laptop , intel p4-2.0 , xp os ) . 
a tons of reveiws has reported this problem and the same here . 
in fact , each of my creative mp3 players had software problem in the first place . 
however , the creative lab did come out new update to fix their software problems . 
i am crossing my finger and wish they will fix the problem . 
ps : ( mediasource provides similar functions with ms mediaplay such like cd ripping , tagging , music database managing , music file transfering , and more ) 
now i use ms mediaplayer , musicmatch ( free downladed ) , and " explorer / my computer / grab files from disk c or d into the player " to replace the mediasource . 
in short , this player is good at size , value , hardware design but really bad at its software 
the one and most major thing that i was dissapointed with , in this player , is the battery life . 
the product manufacturer promised me 14 hours , and what i recieved was 6-8 . 
5 hours max. i did it like this 
eax on : 6 hours eax off : 8.5 hours 
2 . 
the panel seems like it will come off very easily as other people have said . 
3 . 
the sound is great even with the supplied earbuds -- but i find earbuds uncomfortable so i use different headphones . 
on planes i use a splitter so two headphones can be plugged in for two people and the sound is equally good . 
yes the included earphones suck but everyone replaces them anyway . 
creative software stinks . 
it 's horrible . 
redchair software makes nice software that allows you to do everything you would want to and more ! 
the front cover can pop off easily but i always have mine in the case so i did n't notice after first day . 
short warranty ( 3 months , so i got the extended warranty at best buy ) , occasional freeze up ( easily fixed by popping out battery ) , somewhat flimsy navigation wheel . 
neutral : 
i did n't even try the included software . 
i just bought notmad manager ( $ 25 ) and file transfers are easy drag and drop , songs stored by id3 tags not by folders , needs to have software on computer to transfer files , no window on case ( nice case otherwise . 
the only beef i can raise in this regard is the pop-off face , that sometimes comes off a bit easily , but besides that it 's perfect . 
do n't buy this player . 
i recently bought this after my archos 20 multimedia self-destructed ( do n't get me started on that piece of junk ! ) and expected it to be flawless . 
unfortunately , after loading 280 + songs , all i get now is " player either not connected or busy . " 
it will not load any further songs on and customer service has no idea what to do . 
do n't buy this player . 
do not buy this product -- 
i took perfect care of this player and still it died in the week after the lousy 90 day warranty ended . 
nearly 4000 songs went up in smoke . 
the software is not good either and the driver has trouble working with other sound blaster products , which is very dumb . 
however , my hard drive did fail , and i have not dropped it once . 
therefore im saying im returning it right now , and i will see wat happens with my next zen xtra ( same replacement ) . 
if that one fails too , and i hope if it does , let it happen in the first 90 days , not later , cuz thats the warranty . 
if it does , ill give up . 
basically wat happened , is that the hard drive failed . 
thats it . 
i cant do anything about it , and i have to send back . 
the only good thing about this whole process , is that im getting like a 34 dollar amount back , because of the price difference between when i bought it , and now . 
basically u can see that i have given the player 3 stars , instead of 1 . 
you know why ? 
every time nomad thinks the file is corrupt the os freezes . 
the only way to recover is to plug the power cord and go into recovery mode . 
so if you happen to be out of the house and you have a frozen os you can 't use nomad until you get home . 
after os froze twice on me in the subway i returned the jukebox . 
the controls are somewhat harder to use , and there are some oddities about the software tagging system , but most people can live with this . 
because of the large capacity of the nomad , owners can load hundreds of cds on to it . 
for most people , they can carry around all or almost all of their music collection . 
typically , the problem is the headphone jack -- it was for me and many others . 
the nomad is sent back to creative labs . 
they decide that the owner was responsible for the damage and so even if it is returned within the warranty period , creative will charge you to fix it . 
in my case , the bill was $ 81 , about a third of what i paid for it . 
like many others , i had not abused the product , and had tried to take care of it . 
if my level of care was n't good enough , i had to expect that even if i paid to have it fixed it would break again in a month or two . 
the headphone jack seems to be a major problem . 
the one other thing i observed while i had the nomad is that the front cover , which is taken off to have access to the battery , seemed to come undone very easily . 
the headphone jack failure seems to occur just about when the warrranty period is to expire . 
even if it has n't expired , creative is likely to claim that the owner caused the damage which in turn voids the warranty . 
and most stores will not take back a product 90 days after purchase . 
this means that you will have the nomad long enough to load a lot of music on to it , and get used to having it . 
so when it breaks , as it will , you will find yourself very disappointed and depressed at the loss of the nomad . 
you will find it very hard or impossible to get you money back . 
you will have a very expensive paperweight . 
there are not a lot of good options out there . 
most people say buy an ipod , but they are pretty expensive and also require you to send the product back to the factory just to replace the battery . 
my suggestion is to wait to see how the market develops . 
maybe creative will come out with a better design , although it will be hard for me and its other customers to trust it again . 
maybe more competitors will bring out similar products . 
and maybe the answer is to buy an ipod . 
whatever you do , do n't buy this product . 
you will be sorry if you do . 
the other day when i was listening to a song , it locked up and will not do anything now . 
it says i have a harddisk problem . 
and since i 'm out here i can 't mail it back under my 90 days and they wo n't help me out cause they say that the conditions here are not covered under the warranty . 
it worked good for a while . 
it did lock up on me a couple of times . 
and then it just froze and now i 'm out $ 300 for their piece of junk . 
in that model the hard drive just died one morning before my class . 
it 's nothing major , just a bad hard drive , any hard drive mp3 player can have that problem . 
so rule of thumb , no matter what you end up buying , get the extended warranty ! 
it always pays off . 
hope i 've been of some help . 
