The cons, at times the diaper wipes get stuck in the disposal area making it hard to turn the handle back and forth.
In addition, I don't believe that it is odorless.
My daughter is only 4 months old and we do notice an odor.
I'm concerned that as she gets older the #2 diapers will only get worse.
My main complaints are that it should be deeper or wider as it doesn't even fit a smaller sized garbage bag.
The hole to put the diaper in needs to be larger as I am now using medium diapers (I have a 3 month old) and they're on the brink of being too large to fit no matter how compact I make then and how un-soiled they are.
I have no issues w/ odor but baby poop doesn't start to smell really bad till they start on soilid so odor will not be a problem no matter what till then and that's many many months down the road.
(I never know when the Champ is full as there is no way too tell.  Even though not particularly aesthetic, how about making the Champ clear and see-through?) So, I lift the lid and find a wad of diaper, which I must remove, usually stuck inside the lid itself because the bag is too full.
A couple of tips to having a clean-smelling nursery even with the Champ: Double bagging- Get those diaper sacks you would use to dispose of diapers if you're in a place where you don't want to dump a dirty diaper, like in your friend's wastebasket or kitchen garbage.
Bag the diaper in this small clean-smelling bag and then chuck it in the Champ.
Another tip is to wash out the Champ frequently and spray the inside and lid with Lysol after every full bag is removed.
Solid food poop is VERY STINKY and this diaper pail doesn't really contain the smell.
I just wished that it didn't fill up so fast!
But now that she is eating solids the odor is escaping out and we are constantly using airfreshner.
We found that when you put a dirty diaper into the top loader, there was a tendency to get streaks which would then get on the plunger which would then have to get cleaned each time it was used.
We resorted to using small plastic bags to store the dirty diapers and dumping them in a trash can and using the Diaper Champ for wet diapers only.
We also had a problem with diaper wipes getting caught when the top was flipped.
This eventually ruined the foam pad that is applied to the flip top to keep odors in.
I had to go and pull the crumpled foam out just so we could turn the lid.
it can be frustrating and messy when you put that last diaper in before realizing the unit is full.
The pluger gets stuck & you have to manually extract the mess.
For one thing, The diapers always get jammed in it.
The product also leaves a faint smell in the room.  
The only downside to this is that it can get pretty stinky long before the pail is full.
I wash ours out with lysol each time I empty it, and that helps, but when its hot out- well, just be prepared.
That's when it went from Oderless, to ODEROUS!
Even when empty!
So, I took it to the tub, scrub it down with disinfectant.  
It still smelled.
So then I used straight bleach.  
That seemed to work -- for about 3 days.  
Then it started to smell whether there were diapers in it or not.
However, for the previous 13 months-this is what I encountered - PROS - 
CONS - Difficult to open to change bag-twice my bags caught on a sharp edge inside and snagged as I was pulling out-leaving dirty diapers all over the floor.
Also, diapers tend to stay in the middle, causing the pail to get backed up.
Diapers can get stuck when turned around if you don't tightly wrap them first. 
My toddler thought rotating the  top was fun-he always wanted to play with it
 (Being a diaper pail, I'd prefer he not be enticed by something so unsanitary.)     
I can't tell you how many times i've chipped a nail or hurt my fingertips because of the force needed to open it.
That would be my only complaint.
Gets stinky after a few months, the seal on the piston doesn't seal anymore.
Also, diapers and wipes get stuck in the grove below the piston.
Large diapers have to be wrapped tightly. 
Don't buy the diaper champ.
You will be sorry after a few months.     
