 There isn't much features on the iPod at all, except games.
My friend has this unit while not experience it much, I look at other reviews on this site and tried out the unit at Best Buy, and it's definitely the most overrated gadget in history. 
  DURABILITY: Not good. First problem, if you haven't seen the news recently, the iPods are being recalled for battery problems and not lasting the advertised 18 months.
This is really stupid to me. 18 months for a battery isn't good, actually, it's medicore. 
iRiver's battery lasts four to five years. 
Also, the battery's AREN'T USER REPLACEABLE.
 However, the Creative and iRiver players are (Rio's isn't), and they only cost around $30 to replace, while iPod charges shipping and technical support. 
The iPod's battery, 1.5 years. 
Yeah, pretty weak.
 Another thing you should know, the metal on the flip side of the iPod is very tacky, and scratches very easily.
 While all MP3 players are easy to scratch, the iPod is the worst of the Creative and iRiver.
 Also, not liking the gel case. 
iRiver's seems a lot more sturdier than the iPod's.
 FEATURES: Really, there aren't any features, unless you call the games a feature. 
There is no FM tuner, while there is no FM tuner on the Creative Zen (on the micro version of the Zen there is a tuner), the iRiver H10-20GB, the Rio Karma, and the iAudio X5 have FM tuners. 
 There is also no voice recording, something most if not all MP3 players have that the iPod doesn't.
 CUSTOMER SERVICE: Awful. Listen to this one, remember the battery statement I made earlier. 
If your battery dies and it's still under warranty, guess what, you're out of luck, because Apple doesn't cover the battery in the iPod warranty. 
They have the nerve to charge you $30 for a warrantied iPod.
 There technical service isn't helpful either; they just read what's on their website and charge you $50 (+ toll fees) to do it.
At least Creative and iRiver's only charge toll fees like most companies.  
iPod is brilliant, but service was awful
 Wow iPod. 
How did we listen to music before it?
This 20 gigabyte iPod by Apple Computer allows you to put up to 5000 songs onto it, in a choice of digital formats.  MP3, AAC, etc. 
but I had to give you four because the service for my brand-new iPod was terribly slow.
 However, you should still buy an iPod!
 The chances of getting a flawed one is very small indeed.
 Cons: No AM/FM Radio Tuner-- Something a large number of competetors are doing
3 No Voice Recorder-- this has also become an important and popular feature that the iPod unfortunately doesn't have.
 No Memory Stick slots-- Although a rare feature, it would be nice to have extra storage, not that it needs it Built-in Lithium Battery-- A huge hassle to bring this back; draining the battery once you get it helps, but removable/replaceable ones are a lot more convenient
In addition, I do not think the battery lasts much more than eight to ten hours, and it can take four hours for a full charge.
  Again, another hassle. 
 To be sure, I am not looking forwards to paying for the battery replacement, whenever that may come.  
But enought of the negativity. 
 *The ipod is overly sensitive to just about everything and gets scratched easily. 
 You must buy some sort of protective case unless you want your ipod to look like some crazed animal with ten inch nails attacked it.  
*	The 20 GB version doesn't actually have 20 GB, but 18.5 GB, which makes a difference of roughly 300 songs. *	
 You can't change the battery, so I don't know what I'm going to do in a year or so.
If you call apple and tell them your ipod has been damaged, they charge you roughly $105.50 per minute and blame you for "abusing" your ipod.
 The user support service isn't too great either.  
Buyer beware!      
 The iPod comes formatted for the Mac, but within seconds of plugging it into a PC, is automatically reformatted for Windows.  (The HP version comes with Windows formatting, and takes seconds to change to Mac.) Although the iPod can be changed from one format to another, you will lose all of your music and data when doing so. 
Both platforms work seamlessly with the iPod. 
 The box comes with iPod, ear buds, iTunes and iPod software, USB 2.0 and FireWire cables, and a home charger. 
 You  will need a computer with a six-pin FireWire or USB 2.0 port (USB 1.1 
For Mac owners, you'll need Mac OS X 10.1.5 or later (10.3.4 or later is recommended) and your machine must have the appropriate ports built-in.
 PC users must have a processor of 500 MHZ or faster, Windows 2000 with Service Pack 4 or later or Windows XP, with the ports either built-in or expanded with a card. 
 Its steel backing picks up fingerprints and scratches easily, not great from a cosmetic standpoint.  
Holy cow! It really does scratch easily!	
 Wow... just less than 15 minutes and the back of it already has a scratch!
 So dissapointing, however I am now just gonna assume it's gonna get pretty niceley scratched over the years and I'll just have to live with it... and i will buy a case for it tomorrow... I mean heck I intended to get the case tomorow anyway but now it feels like the thing might even scratch IN THE CASE.. Other than that I am super extied about this product... I will update the review later in a few days...   
great product with Limited Services
 I was quite happy after months of saving part of my pay-check to go to the store and finally get an iPod.
  It was worth it, as I use it to this very day.
  The thing has survived plenty of falls with little or no damage, except the inevitable scratches.
Apple closed their island to anything that resembled Microsoft, and clearly let Napster know it could not use their products with Napster's services. 
 This has been the case with all other competing music services and Napster.  
Why would they let anything compete with them when they are making millions from song downloads by iPod owners who have no other choice?
  If Apple makes no attempt to at least create an equivalent type of service, they are failing to compete with the market. 
 And if they treat their customers like herding sheep, I see little reason to purchase another MP3 player with a bitten apple embroidered on it. 
  My only complaint (really more of an observation) is that the outside finish of the iPod is rather delicate, so I am going to get a case for mine so it doesn't get all scratched up. 
 Also, some other MP3 players such as the Nitrus allow you to play WMA (Windows Media Audio) files, whereas the iPod does NOT. 
Considering the fact that just about any CD you purchase and "rip" to your hard drive will be formatted as a WMA file, iTunes version 4.5 (included with new iPod releases) contains an auto-converter that converts WMA to MP3 for iPod compatability.
 My only nitpick with this is that it sometimes doesn't work on certain files and presents error messages. 
I had similar trouble with my Soundgarden CD - the ripped tracks continually failed to convert properly to MP3.  
So, I downloaded another program (Switch freeware) and manually changed the WMA files to MP3, then downloaded them to the iPod.
 The problem with this is that a) it takes a LOT of time if you have many files and b) audio quality is somewhat lost (if you're an audiophile, this will bother you - frankly, I can't tell the difference).  
Also, I don't like how when I first set up my iPod, it took me about four hours to get everything going - the new iTunes software has an exploited flaw which is that if you do not connect your iPod to your PC during installation, it will not configure the iPod, and when you later plug it into your computer the PC will recognize it as an external device rather than an actual iPod, and you will not be able to use the iTunes software until you access your device manager and change the iPod "hard drive" to a new letter.
 If this sounds confusing, just make sure you have your iPod plugged in when you install the iTunes software! 
 This seems obvious but the flaw lies herein: the instruction booklet tells users to charge their iPods 2 - 4 hours before initial use. 
In the meantime, users will obviously begin to install their software - and since the charger takes up the underbelly of the iPod and USB connection to the computer, it's impossible to hook it up to your PC during installation without unplugging the charge adapter and actually turning the iPod on - which we're not supposed to do for 2 - 4 hours!  
Confused yet? Don't be.
 This is really the only downside to the iPod - setting it up and downloading music. 
 As with most headphones that come with any type of music player,I recommend throwing these into the nearest river, unless you like having hard, round pieces of plastic in your ears. 
 I recommend Shures (shure.com). 
 I have the e3c's, and man does everything on the ipod sound great.   
Because Steve Jobs is a twisted individual and he made sure that he ruined this device by giving it an UNREPLACABLE 18 MONTH BATTERY. 
 To see a great little short film about this, go to ipodsdirtysecret.com  ##Basically, this is a disposable device, the idea being that when the battery goes out, you will buy the latest model of ipod.
  This was obviously a conspiracy as it is FREAKIN' EASY to manufacture a device with replaceable batteries!!
    If you can get past this little flaw, give the ipod 5 stars, because everything else about it is pretty much perfect.  
However, in my mind, $299 is a lot to pay for a device that will only last 18 MONTHS. 
 Hence, the one star rating...     
Good, But Not For Everyone
 I was shopping for a MP3 player recently, and had the opportunity to play with my cousin's 20GB iPod at some length to see how I liked it.
 I had initially been planning on buying this or another Apple product, but since decided to buy a player made by a different manufacturer.
  Overall, I think the iPod is a good player, although I would note some features that turned me off: 
 LOOKS AND DURABILITY: I realize many people are fond of the minimalist white interface.  
 I'm not one of them.
  While I like the minimialism of the player, I try to avoid plastic products made of white- they tend to yellow with age. 
While they have released those "tattoos" for the players, I think those just look cheap and gaudy, especially since they leave the corners of the iPod exposed.  
The biggest red flag for me was the fact that although my cousin's player was relatively new, it was riddled with scratches.
  While he's not the most careful guy in the world, it was really beat up consider the minimal amount he uses the thing, and talking to other people who have iPods confirmed that the player scratches very easily- and from personal experience, they look terrible scratched up.  
THE CLICKWHEEL: Again, I realize that most people think this is the greatest thing since sliced bread. 
 I disagree. 
 I strongly suggest anyone considering an iPod test it out first to see how they like it. 
 I thought the clickwheel sounded great, but after trying it found it awkward.  
As a student, I spend a significant amount of time on my laptop and am used to scrolling up and down on the touchpad, which made the Creative Zen Touch a more attractive product for me. 
 Be sure you test this first to see if it does feel intuitive for you, rather than just going on the fact that it does sound pretty neat. 
 BATTERY: Compared to the other players on the market, the iPod has one of the worst batteries around.
 The Sony Walkman and Creative Zen Touch get 30 and 24 hours per charge, respe
 Since no company has yet to come out with an interchangeable battery for the jukebox-sized players (the Creative Labs Zen Micro is the only one I'm aware of that has this, and it's 5 GB), this can be an issue.  
IN SUMMARY: This is a good, basic player.  It's not for everyone, and if you're in the market for one I suggest that you try to put aside the huge popularity of the iPod and look harshly at the actual features that the other players on the market have, and see how they stack up. 
 Apple is already being outpaced by Creative Labs and Sony on the battery front, and just about any non-Apple player allows you more compatibility with download services than Apple's iTunes-only program.
  But since a lot of these MP3 players are marketed on aesthetics, do go to your local store or borrow a friend's and see how the product actually feels and works.
  This may be the player for you, but it's not leaps and bounds ahead of any other player, and others are ahead of it in certain areas, so practice some caution when you buy.     
	Pure And Simple, Wonderful Stuff.
 Maybe this new design is more durable than the last, but I kind of doubt it.  
I don't really intend to drop mine to find out. 
 The thing is, naturally you're going to use your iPod at the gym or whatever, and it can be a bit of a liability because you always feel like you have to protect it.
 Not that anybody would revert back to their old-skool walkman just because you can knock it around more.  
The thousands of songs at your fingertips thing, you just can't beat that with a stick.  
But seriously though, how bout we work on the durability thing for the next gen.
 We can start by losing the shiny miracle-material cover that you can literally scratch just by looking at it wrong, and thus eliminate the need for third-party "iSkin" protective covers for an extra thirty bucks.
 The other thing is the earbuds.  
  Cons Breaks easily. 
 The only problem is the battery life.
 After about 3-4 months, you see your battery draining faster than it should. 
After a year, your battery is dead and you need to replace it with a new one. 
Apple's iPod battery replacement service costs $100! 
Amazing.
 You pay $300 for the iPod itself, then $100 to get the battery fixed. 
If you look on Google or around the web's many search engines, you can find a site that will replace the battery at a cheaper price. 
Apple needs to step it up and get better, longer lasting batteries.     
Not perfect, but I'm still enamored...	 I've had an iRiver MP3 player for a year or so now, and it's really great for listening to the radio. 
 It's small and lightweight, but it has very little storage space and the shape is clunky.
 I set my sights on this super sexy iPod and didn't stop until I finally had one in my hands. 
 I am so in love with this thing I can hardly stand it.   
 It's got LOTS of pros, and a couple minor cons, which I will outline below.  
It's still an absolutely unbeatable value for the amazing technology you're getting, so don't let a few petty cons dissaude you from owning THE coolest thing on the planet right now for any music lover. 
 The iPod is a little more weighty than I expected, but it's not unmanageable.  
