It just tells you to start disconnecting and attaching cables without any input as to whether your current setup includes a pre-existing router (mine does), without any clarity as to whether you should be running the wizard on a hard-wired PC or a wireless equipped PC. 
After asking for a password (Is it asking me to set a password or am I supposed to know from page 20 of the manual that the factory set password is "admin"?) it refused to go past step 8. 
These are just some of the pathetic examples.  
They!
provide no printed manual. 
I had downloaded the 112 page manual from the Linksys Website. 
Stupid me. 
It turns out to be copyright 2002 and much inferior to the 2005 manual included on the CD. 
But can you decide to access the CD manual once you have started the Wizard? 
No, of course not. 
You have to completely exit the Wizard and re-start the CD in order to find the "User Guide" tab which loads the manual.  
 The box proudly displays "SecureEasySetup (TM)" "Wireless Made Simple" "One Touch Setup Button" "Easy Start" "Easy Security" "Easy Everyday"   Apparently Linksys/Cisco knows that ease of setup is crucial. 
It just doesn't follow through in any consumer-tested way.  
I don't know if Netgear, D-Link, etc are any better.  
 I even downloaded the product's user manual - useless. 
 The Linksys technical support site has nothing about configuring the router for use with a Mac. 
It's like they want to pretend that Apple doesn't exist or something. 
But eventually I found my way to live assistance through their site (thank GOODNESS), where someone was able to give me adequate instructions to configure the router so that I could at least use it. 
 I say adequate because it was enough to get wireless working, but nowhere near enough instruction to do the proper configuration job that I could have done if so!
meone would just give me some instructions in plain English.  
The router comes with a TON of options for setup, but sadly enough, I had no idea what most of it meant. 
 What this product really needs is better documentation for how to set up the router for DIFFERENT OPERATING SYSTEMS!
! and step by step explanations for all the different setup options and their relevance. 
I don't mind if the instructions are online instead of in the box, but please have some instructions *somewhere.
 * I'm giving it 4 stars because the setup process was so miserable. 
 The only other problem was that security for the wireless connection.  
There was no obvious screen stating what should be done - the program simply said the router was secured.  
If I did not know what to do, I'd have no idea how to connect wirelessly.  
But knowing that the IP for my previous Linksys router was 192.162.1.1, I went there and found a drop down screen that had the information (the security key) I needed to connect my wireless laptop.  
 I tried the CD setup program without any luck.  
Then I tried the do-it-yourself method of following the step-by-step instructions.  
Nope.  
That didn't work either.    
A five minute call to the tech support people was all it took to get the router up and running.  
No hold time.  
 Essentially, the CD included with the package is, for the most part, worthless.  
I was told to connect my computer directly to the cable modem, then go to a Linksys webs!
ite:  www.linksys.com/connect  I clicked on NetSet Assistant and let it do it's thing.  
I followed the prompts to disconnect and reconnect Ethernet cables, and then rebooted.  
Problem solved.  
As far as WEP configuration... make your adjustments after you've set up the router using the default setup.  
 After some research on the Net, I discovered that there is indeed a flaw with the current WRT54G design (WRT54G, version 3, which Amazon currently sells).  
If you just use the router to surf the web, this router should serve your needs.  
 It is not reliable.  
 The installation software CD crashed repeatedly. 
Thinking the CD was faulty, I went to the Linksys website, hoping to simply download the setup program, but it's not available. 
 I then tried to set up the router through Linksys's browser interface, but as the only instructions available tell you to use the installation CD, I had little luck - I did manage to connect briefly, but the connection kept dropping, and with no idea of how to resolve THAT issue, I gave up.   
I'm returning this, as I'm not willing to waste more time trying to contact tech support, particularly in light of the comments of other reviewers who have done so. 
Very disappointing.     
 I couldn't get the install wizard to work.  
Knocked 1 star off for the install wizard - it wasted alot of time running it.     
 I like the fact that it IS EASY to use with limited networking experience- the problem I have is that there are many useless features on the unit, and some wanted features, like a list of computers accessing my wireless, is not easily found on my router.   
 I'd recommend this is you want to wireless network your laptop, but if you want to wirelessly network a couple desktops together you might want to wait until Linksys improves their desktop software/hardware.     
 I had a lot of problems setting it up, since the software given along with it is buggy. 
 The firmware has bugs too, so download and install the latest firmware from Linksys. 
VERY IMP. 
After installing the firmware hold the reset button at the back for 30 secs.  
Also use Netstat on the Linksys website which helps in setting it up. 
 The instant setup button in the front of the router messes up the network it is better to configure the router manually. 
 ##Cons. 1. Configuration is not easy as it made out to be 2.Lousy Initial Software 3. Does not work with BitSpirit with UPnP, Besides that its an excellent choice , If you know your way around network configuration go for it.
 Was a bit wary because the software is Windows only and I have an iMac. 
But everything worked out for the best.  
After pulling the Router out and connecting it, I hooked a Linksys WET11 Bridge onto the Tivo. 
The tech support is worthless too.     
