 Unfortunately, Creative offered scant few pages of instruction, which meant that I was on own from the outset. 
 After attempting to navigate the clumsy touch-pad system, I could not get the unit to download my wma files. 
When most of us purchase these little devises, we do so because of their diminuitive size and extraordinary storage capacities. 
 SO, YOU MIGHT INQUIRE, WHY DON'T THEY MAKE IT A FIRST PRIORITY TO CAREFULLY, SIMPLY EXPLAIN HOW DOWNLOAD MUSIC FROM YOUR MUSIC LIBRARY TO THEIR DEVICE??? This seems academic to me.
 Most of us just want to plug and play, not spend a year navigating a maze of complicated options...like transfering everything on a hard drive to this stupid thing.
I don't care what ELSE it can do.
I just want MUSIC to eminate from it when I want, how I want.
 This one is particularly bothersome: Allegedly one can use the Zen Micro as a portable drive to store and transport data from one computer to another.
Ahhh! There is a catch, the manufacturer does not tell you. 
 Although you can store any type of file on the Zen Micro to download onto a different computer, you need to INSTALL (on the computer you are moving the data to) Zen Micro software and drivers to do it!!! 
I just tried to move a load of plain data files from my home computer to my office work computer, and it is promting me to install Zen Micro software, etc.... 
I have used similar devices and they are seamless and simple. 
 Who wants to go through the hassles of loading software onto a "foreign" computer just to move over some simple (*.txt) files?  
This brings my review to one star! 
But Amazon won't allow me to reduce the number of stars once I have already established three two days ago.  
 ) Button sensitivity: Even reduced to the lowest sensitivity setting, the buttons are far two sensitive, really takes some getting use to, and even then, it is still too sensitive. 
The company has received thousands of complaints about this and refuses to do anything about it. . 
2.
 ) WORST FEATURE POSSIBLE, THIS ALONE MAKES IT RATE ONE STAR: What's up with no recharge cord? 
You have to purchase that separately for some outrageous cost. 
If you want to recharge it, you MUST connect it to your computer. 
The recharge cord will do the job in a fraction of the time that the USB cable will hooked to your computer. 
 I took my Zen Micro with me over the weekend, and was forced to lug my laptop with me on the trip for one reason: to keep the Zen Micro charged. 
Infuriating! Nearly all other MP-3 producing companies include a recharging cord with their product that can be plugged into a wall socket. 
If you want a wall-socket recharging cord, you have to dish out somewhere between $30 and $35, plus shipping and handling, for a cord that cost less than $1 to manufacture and market. 
 I have trashed this product on other opinion sites based on this major flaw alone. 
What is up with nickle and dimeing consumers on the recharge cord? 
Buy from another company and run from Creative, Inc. 
Their product may appear more enconomical, but it isn't in the long run. . 
3.
 ) Creative, Inc. the maker includes the barest of the bare minimum in the box, then through gross profiteering nickles and dimes you on EVERY single accessory at extraordinarily inflated prices. 
 The box included a little polyester, pull-string BAG, (yes, you read right a BAG, something a boy would carry ten marbles in) and tries to pass it off as the case. 
 If you want to purchase a real case or container or clip-on carrier for you Zen Micro, expect to purchase it separately and to dish out big time. . 
4.
 As I wrote, this COULD have been a great product, but expect hidden charges (read gross profiteering and price gouging) as the company royally sticks you on every conceivable accessory necessary for normal daily usage.     
 and supply those stupid white Headphones. 
I also think that if you are going to offer them in different colors then commit all the way and have the entire device in that color, not just the front and color the head phones as well. 
Let's face it. 
Apple is Apple. 
So Creative should be "Creative". 
 There are 2 things that need fixing  First is the battery life. It will run for 6 hrs without problems with medium usage of the buttons. 
 Second might be a problem I might have with my PC but not too sure, when the player is connected on the USB and I start playing on it and also using the windows explorer, it sometimes pauses by itself and tries to synchronise with the PC during play, which is a bit irritating.     
 HOWEVER after just one month my headphone jack was BROKEN as a result of normal, every-day use.  
by broken i mean that it would no longer transmit sound.  
 the headphones are not very comfortable, but most people have a certain style they like so just go buy new ones or keep the ones you have.  
This fixes some glitches such as the player freezing.    
POSITIVES:  Reasons for getting the Zen Micro instead of the iPod:  1. 
One drop from a pocket or desktop, and it'd be a goner.  
  Problems with the sound quality were evident right away, but even I couldn't imagine they'd be that bad. 
 The eq is awful, and even at top volumes, the bass is flat sounding. 
 The headphone jack gave out after only a couple weeks of use, and the stock earbuds were replaced same day with some high end sony's I'd been having. 
They didn't really make any difference. 
I also experimented with an adapter for the car. 
 If you've been listening to cd's in your car for awhile, dealing with the drop-off in sound quality may take some getting used to. 
 The only reason for not giving it 5 stars: the claimed battery life of 12 hours is very optimistic - possible maybe if you really sit down and listen continuously for 12 hours without ever touching the player, but in real life I can probably get 6-8 hours at most. 
Plus, from the Creative discussion forums it is clear that they have some problems with excessive battery drainage with the current firmware. 
They seem to be working on a fix and will probably sort it out soon. 
For me, I get through a typical day's listening just fine, and I could probably squeeze out two days, but it really is no big deal to just charge the Micro overnight. 
 Even the "shorter" battery life, though, has not impaired my positive experience with the Zen Micro in any way. 
 Limitations: - Not a lot of original accessories like the iPod. 
I waited for Creative's FM transmitter for a month, finally bought a Belkin Tunecast II, which is not great. 
I get occasional hiss while driving. 
 - The battery life leaves a lot to be desired. 
 Though rated at 12 hrs, I could barely manage 8 and I have two spares as well. 
 I downloaded the new firmware which was supposed to take care of the problem, but it hasn't worked. 
 - The outlook synch only works for non recurring appointments, which personally is very annoying to me but probably wont be to most people. - ##Several people complained about the touchpad and frankly i'm starting to see why. 
 Overall, it does its basic function very well, but we expect more from the mp3 players today and the Zen Micro does not rise to the occassion.     
 PC software that comes with the player is not as simple as i Tunes but its not bad at all. 
 I dont use the belt clip cuz it fails to hold the player securely (design problem). 
Instead I use a cellphone cover with a belt clip and it works just fine. 
 What I dont like: Nothing much except Headphones, Belt clip design. 
Creative has not lounched any silicon cover for the player like ipod's (I think belkin makes it for ipod).  
Stuff you may need to buy: Wired remote from creative. 
This is a must have. 
Spare batteries incase  you need some extra hours without charging. 
 The karma doesn't look as sexy but it's interface is very efficiently designed.  
In fact, it's much better than the iPod in that regard. 
The karma also has a very long battery life.  
Having owned both the karma and other Creative Lab products (including Zen) I would have to say the Karma also sounds better.  
No comparison in my opinion.     
 After a week I tried to load some more songs and delete a few but the auto load didn't do anything but turn on my player. 
I tried to figure out another way to load the songs and attempted another upgrade with no results. 
I emailed the company and after 2 days was told to read their Q&A site and then download again. 
I tried the help menu that referenced GUI buttons that don't exist on my version. 
I'm less than satisfied. 
 It seems like the software is just not responding. 
 The support has been less than impressive, considering the cost. 
They responded -after I told them I have a Zen Micro and suggested that my "jukebox" needed to be purged. 
 While the software may not be as easy as I-Tunes, it is not difficult to use by any stretch. 
 If I was pressed to find a negative aspect of the Zen Micro I would probably have to mention weak FM reception, but the building where I primarily use the Micro seems to have a history of terrible radio reception anyway, so you can take that for what it's worth.  
 It had issues right off the bat, with freezing up, staying in 'SHUTTING DOWN' mode, and just not functioning very well in general. 
 The touch-pad would be a great thing if it worked well, and as I never had issues getting songs transferred to the player, I did have problems accessing them from the player.   
 The earbuds, on the other hand, are decent in sound, but lacking in bass. 
 The colors are a joke, and I personally hate the stupid vertical touchpad. 
 But my biggest gripe is still the extremely ugly design.  
 Still has terrible software.  
 Screen review could be better.  
 The FM radio's reception isn't spectacular, but it will pick up the most powerful stations in any given metro area. 
 00% good though, and the Zen does have a few drawbacks. 
 While transferring songs to the player, the interface has crashed a few times (4-5 times in a 4-5 hour period) normally this would cause me major concern, but it appears that this bug is reproducible, which leads me to believe that Creative will fix it with a patched version shortly (or maybe it's just my computer). 
 Well, I got my second player, and right out of the box it wasn't working right and once again, after consulting customer se!
rvice, they said I should send it in for repairs.  
I loved the Zen Micro, and thus it pains me to say this, but I have a hard time recommending something, when I've had two of them break on me in such a short time of owning them. 
 They obviously have quality and reliability problems. 
 Only slight negatives I've had so far is that I haven't been able to get it to accept any of my WAV files yet.  
It's supposed to support that format, but I keep getting a file transfer failure no matter what I try. 
 My other nit is that it didn't include at least some kind of carrying case for everything.  
 The little bag it comes with is cheap and useless.  
 It barely holds anything and mine just puts a bunch of thread fuzzies all over the player, because the bag is cheap and seems to be coming apart.  
I threw it away.  
Those are minor complaints though.  
 It is not a perfect product but it does have a lot going for it.  
 The touch pad is over-sensitive, and is adjustable to only slightly oversensitive. 
You quickly learn to brush your thumb ever so lightly over its surface.  
To minimize any frustration (and the odds that you may return a usable unit), keep the following in mind:  1. While your unit is!
unboxed and charging up, visit the Creative website for necessary firmware and/or driver upgrades, especially if you're planning to use a service like Napster. ##Keep in mind the required upgrade may be a beta version (mine was).  
2. 
Some upgrades are needed for the Micro to work properly with the Windows XP operating system and Media Player 10.  
3. 
You may need to briefly disable various spam blockers, cookie swatters, and antivirus programs (I know, I know -- get offline first). 
My gatekeeper programs kept fixes away a few times until I got wise to it.  
 The machine itself seems fine, but the software that came with it is AWFUL. 
 After installation, the very first time I booted up the Creative MediaSource Organizer, intending to use its CD burning and ripping functions, it totally shorted out. 
I tried everything to make it work - followed advice from Microsoft support, uninstalled and reinstalled the whole thing, rebooted every five minutes, ran a virus scan on my computer, checked my drives for errors, everything. 
 I was up all night trying to make the stupid thing work, to no avail. 
 Of course one of the first things I did was write an email to the customer support at Creative, through their website, and by the time they finally got back to me - several working days later when they promise only one - their suggestions were completely worthless. 
Now I have to wait another few days for them to get back to me again, probably with more worthless suggestions? 
And t!
 his is what I get for my $200 on this MP3 player?  
I think I'll stick to CDs.     
 It wouldn't always work seemlessly with WMP and it often required me to restart the frozen micro by taking out the battery and restarting it. 
over and over again. 
But after a few firmware releases it's working without a hitch. 
I've programed WMP to throw a few favorites on there all the time and always put my new music (less than 3 months) on so I can listen to them in the gym.   
 As for the Zen Micro:\  Cons:  I read that every button is touch sensitive, and thats very annoying when all the main buttons are on the front. 
 Putting the Micro into your pocket could trigger just about anything (unless the hold feature is improved: it asks if you want to "unhold" for every button up press) Second, I'm worried about the durability of the player. 
 After research of other creative hard drive players, i found that most of them aren't very durable and tend to crash (read most reviews on amazon.com and see for yourself). 
 Last, i find the price a bit expensive for a product such as this. 
$190 or $200 or less would have been much more reasonable (price compareble to 20gb mp3 players). 
As for the warrenty, i havent seen it yet, but i fear for a short on!
e again.  
 I tried to use the FM radio option, but it doesn't seem to really pick up the stations I listen, however I am going to try it in a different location, it may have just been my residential location.   
I would say the only thing I need to adjust is the sensitivity of the touch pad.  
 The Touchpad is virtually unusable -- sometimes you have to press like mad to make a selection and other times the slightest brush causes something to be selected that you don't want. 
This is by far my biggest complaint.  
 Also note that it doesn't seem to charge when connected to the PC, only when plugged into an AC socket even though they both connect to the single USB port on the player, so you have to charge the battery separately from downloading music.     
  If you buying this player to use with Napster to Go, wait a while. 
 A lot of people are having problems with the firmware update required to use the player for Napster to Go.. The firmware is beta and they are are a lot of bugs in it. 
Check out message boards on Napster for more info.     
 The battery, as others have said, also seems weaker than Creative suggests.  
Here's a quote from Creative's web site (hoping to sell additional batteries):   "Carry an extra rechargeable battery for your Zen Micro for an additional 12 hours of nonstop music."  
Try an additional *six* hours, methinks.  
 Within one month, my player completely died. 
 (It had locked up multiple times previously, but always managed to work afterwards) This time, the touch screen wouldn't respond to me and none of the buttons worked. 
 I had the second one for less than two weeks when I noticed a rattling/humming/buzzing sound while music was played.  
I've tried different headphones, upgrading firmware, using different files and nothing helps.  
 I sent Creative customer service 3 emails in which they did not help me one bit and don't seem to even want to help.  
I've heard many good reviews of this product and I wonder if maybe I just had bad luck.  
 The included headphones suck, so get your own.         
 But, the Creative Zen Micro is plagued by a serious, serious stupid and elemenatary design flaw, and I'm going to tell you what it is...But first, two more things about this piece of garbage that's so great and could've made it a potenial IPOD killer.         
 But, all of this means nothing, because of the serious, serious, stupid and ridiculously elemenatary design flaw: After 3 months, give or take a few weeks, you won't be able to hear anything. 
Why? 
 because the "engineers" at Creative screwed up the design of the headphone jack. 
It's an admitted design flaw that the people at Creative have acknowledged (google it). 
There are bulletin boards and customer reviews all over the web talking about it. 
If you send in your Zen to have the flaw fixed, you lose all of the music you've been loading into the thing for 2-3 months, which came out to 1022 songs and 80 albums for me.       
 Again, the headphone jack on this thing is garbage. 
It comes loose after 3 months-give or take-of careful use. 
Using right angled jacks on your headphones, which minimizes the movement of the headphones while plugged in, won't alleviate the problem. 
I used them. 
 Again, this is a design flaw in the headphone!
jack that Creative has acknowledge. 
I know what you are thinking. 
You once had a cheap CD player (or walkman) that had the same problem, and you just used miniture screwdrivers to push the left/right prongs out. 
If only only it was that simple. 
 The flaw is inside the Zen. 
You can't see it by looking into the jacks where the prongs are. 
 The flaw is in the circuit board that the headphone jack is connected to. 
In other words, you have to do almost the equivalent of open heart surgery in order just to see where the problem is.           
There are do it yourself sites (with pictures)that show you how to repair it, but keep in mind that you will have to break the warranty seal, which means? ##Exactly, warranty voided. 
So, if you don't won't to void your warranty, you will have to get in touch with Creative, they will send you a rma number, fix your Zen, but you lose all of your dogon music. 
 The Creative Zen Micro is a Zen Micro killer, not an Ipod killer. 
Do your research; check !
out the bulletin boards.     
 #Right now, the Creative software transfers subscription music files very slowly. 
It makes USB 2.0 feel like USB 1.1. 
 I don't know, maybe I got a defective one but first, the player would not shut off, next, the player would not come on - I had to send it away to get repaired.  
 Now, the player's ear phone jack is not working - I have to send it away again.  
