1 . pictures wo n't transfer to pc directly from the camera using the included transfer cable . 
i did everything i could , and it took many days of frustration before concluding that the only way to transfer to pc is with the card reader . 
card reader is included . 
2 . the speed is noticeably slower than canon , especially so with flashes on . 
3 . with low battery , it twice wiped out the entire pictures in the memory chip . 
i used lexar 256 mb and i still use it which means nothing is wrong with lexar . 
be very careful when the battery is low and make sure to carry extra batteries . 
. this camera keeps on autofocussing in auto mode with a buzzing sound which can 't be stopped . 
would be really good if they have given an option to stop this autofocussing . 
. if you want to have the date ; time on the image , its only through their software " nikon view " which reads the images date ; time from the images meta-data . 
so if you use your card reader ; copy images - you got to onceagain open them through their software to put the date ; time . 
in that too , there is n't a direct way to add date ; time - you got to say ' print images ' to a different directory in which there is an option to specify the date ; time . 
. even the slightest of the shakes totally distorts your image 
. images taken indoor were n't so clear . 
you got to have flash ' on ' to get it eventhough your room is well lit 
. lens cap is a really annoying 
. go ; get a high speed like lexar 12x or higher cf card . 
else with simpler viking cf cards , it takes couple of seconds to write a picture with approximately " fine **" picture quality  " image size : 1600 . 
. the movie clips taken will always have some ' noise ' in it - you can 't avoid that . 
within a year , there are problems with my menu dial knob . 
it became stucked which makes it almost impossible to switch between modes . 
i send my camera to nikon for servicing , took them a whole 6 weeks to diagnose the problem . 
worse of all , they claim that it 's some kind of internal damage and refuse to cover the cost via warranty ! 
they would n't repair my camera unless if i pay $ 100 for parts ? and labor ! 
it is a good camera in terms of the function and quality , but take your chance with it because nikon absolutely sucks when it comes to customer service . 
got a " system error " problem 30 days after purchase . 
made the camera totally inoperable . 
also , the lens cap design is flawed . 
you have to manually take the cap off in order to use it . 
audio on video also lacking . 
3 . the pictures come out hazy if your hands shake even for a moment during the entire process of taking a picture . 
all the above , i think , are problems with all the digital cameras out there and so i have no major complaints . 
try to buy a tripod and that should solve some of those problems . 
whichever camera you buy , add upto about 200 dollars for an additional memory card i bought a 256 mb card , usb card reader , camera bag and the warranty . 
and finally , get your pictures developed at a kodak picture maker machine even though it costs you a little extra - no one can beat kodak processing in terms of clarity and brightness . 
hope this review has helped you in making up your mind . 
i have taken about 150 photographs so far and have absolutely loved the experience . 
i am looking forward to my vegas trip for some great photographs now . 
focusing on a display rack about 20 feet away in a brightly lit room during day time , pictures produced by this camera were blurry and in a shade of orange . 
pictures produced by the minolta were orange but not blurry . 
pictures produced by the panasonic were excellent . 
the store clerk concluded that the blurriness may be caused by shaking the camera slightly when i press the button , which is understandable since this camera is lighter than the other two models . 
anyway , i ended up purchasing the lumix . 
i 'm sure that this camera has all the wonderful features that others talk about . 
however , as an average person with unsteady hands , i doubt it 'll perform well in lower light settings . 
the inside pics , can be a bit challenging , but when you can instantly delete pics you dont like , that are not focused perfectly , or need lighting adjustments , make this camera very simple and effective . 
one downside though is that autofocus does not work well when battery is low . 
i assume this is the case for most cameras since it does not have enough power to do autofocus . 
it comes with a rechargable battery that does not seem to last all that long , especially if you use the flash a lot . 
so , it 's a good idea to purchase an extra battery to insure that you are not left hanging . 
on average , indoor shots with a flash are not quite as good as 35mm . 
however , the convenience of using digital far outweighs the slightly less accurate indoor pictures . 
i only have one complaint , and that is the 8mb card included . 
8mb for a camera like this is a joke . 
a card with more memory is a must . 
a minor quibble , since most cameras on the market still only include the 8mb cards . 
