after several years of torture in the hands of at&t customer service i am delighted to drop them , and look forward to august 2004 when i will convert our other 3 family-phones from at&t to t-mobile ! 
the day finally arrived when i was sure i 'd leave sprint . 
after years with that carrier 's expensive plans and horrible customer service , portability seemed heaven-sent . 
i 'd always eyed the nokia phones and had heard decent things about t-mobile , so i gave it a whirl . 
i spent hours setting up the stations ( accepts about 13-14 , i believe ) , though the reception is unpredictable . 
also , you need to have the headset plugged in all the time to have the radio work and that can get tedious . 
the headset that comes with the phone has good sound volume but it hurts the ears like you cannot imagine ! 
the phone comes with okay ringtones , some decent backgrounds / screensavers , but the phone has very little memory ( mine had 230kb as it arrived from amazon , so you do n't have too many options on what you can put on there ) . 
the colors on the screen are not as crisp as i 'd have liked them to be . 
however , it serves its purpose . 
the volume . 
oh my goodness -- 
i have excellent hearing but the volume level on this phone is especially quiet . 
forget talking on it in public -- you just can 't hear the other person ! 
i assumed they had exceptional service , but their reception in my area ( los angeles ) is horrendous . 
reason ? 
they piggy-back on cingular 's service . 
also , their t-zones , although cheap ( $ 4.99 / mo. ) never works . 
since i received the phone , i spent countless hours on the phone with customer service reps who promised t-zones would work " in 24 hours " . 
i must have heard this about a dozen times over the span of 2 weeks , when t-zones never worked . 
24 hours ? 
by what time standards -- martian ? 
apparently , t-mobile is heavily back-logged and can 't keep up with demands . 
also , they 'd forgotten to add " wap " capability to my service ( duh ) , so that took another 4-5 days of figuring out . 
however , the calls constantly drop in my area and i experince mega-static , to the point where i 'd have to dial numbers 6-7 times to get a clear line . 
and no t-zones . 
so what 's the point ? 
the volume level of the phone is not all that good . 
the more subtle tones that were included with the phone are hard to hear at times . 
it also does n't have voice activated dialing . big minus ! ! 
this is a very nice phone , but there is no warranty on it . 
nokia will not cover phones bought from amazon . 
we got two phones for the t-mobile family plan ( indeed very easy to switch to the family plan ) and one came with a broken headphone ( can hear but cannot be heard ) and one died today after less than two weeks of use . 
i 'll see how much help i can get from amazon and report back . 
when i got it home , i discovered that the menu options for sending messages via either text or email simply were n't there : 
it defaulted to unchangeable email . 
so i spent half an hour on the phone with tech support , only to have the online tech person pull one off the shelf and tell me he had the same problem . 
i returned to the store , whereupon the clerk insisted that he could make it work ; he could n't . 
he spent another half hour on the phone with tech support , to no avail . 
so i had to give up and return it , having lost about 4 hours . 
negative : impossibly tiny and difficult to operate , barely visible , power button . 
poor visibility on the keys . 
you have to tilt the phone around to catch the light on them . 
ring tones only come with crazy songs and annoying rings , there is only one ring that sounds close to a regular ring . 
the screen is easily scratched but if you have the warranty you should be able to swap it out . 
games kind of stink and you cant download them you have to get the link cable to get additional games . 
buttons do seem a little sticky tho .. and the hands free kits ' connector might be a problem .. 
the vibrate setting is loud ! 
the volume key can be hard to press , but i think this may be by design rather than a flaw , perhaps to keep you from pressing it accidentally when you are in a call . 
pc cable is too expensive ... $ 50 for a usb cable ? 
please ! 
is this how nokia subsidizes their free pc software ? 
the 6610 has the radio function which is utterly useless . 
it also has a stock tracking app built in ( also useless ) and a somewhat useful application which converts all types of metrics ( currency , length , area , etc ) . 
the s105 ( samsung ) has a beautiful big display ( 65,000 colors ) , and i can 't say much about the motorolla . 
all these phones have color screens , polymorphic tones , and are internet ready . 
in music tones department the 6610 has 20 chords ( thats number of different instruments which it can play ) i think , the samsung i think have 15 , i donno about the other phones but i feel the t610 has the best sounding ring tones . 
i do here a constant high-pitched distorted sound , not to mention the volume does not seem to be loud enough . 
it 's going back today , &#38; being replaced with the new samsung x105 . 
you do take your chances with this phone . 
although i find it more convenient to use 1-touch dialing , this phone does not have voice dialing . 
the keypad is a decent size , but the power on/off key is small and difficult to press . 
in my opinion the worst issue on this phone is the side-mounted volume control . 
it requires significant force to operate which can be scary on such a small phone . 
one complaint ... the screen is too easily scratched ! 
but there are faceplates to replace it i guess ... 
almost there . 
i got this phone in t-mobile 's current customer retention program for very little money and no contract renewal . 
i was getting so sick of my old motorola l7089 , but was waiting for the right phone to come along . 
this is almost it but not quite but the price was right . 
that said this phone does what it does extremely well - way better than anything motorola can produce . 
one more thing , the default ringtones that come with the phone are horrible . 
i find the lack of entertaining games on this phone quite disturbing . 
i do n't really like bounce . 
i have always known nokia to provide me with good games on their phones . 
my only gripe about the hardware is the buttons . 
nokia seems on a campaign to revamp the phone keypad , which imho is totally unnecessary . 
this model does have the traditional key arrangement , it 's just that they are really close to one another , and have unconventional shapes , so it takes a big getting used to for someone like me with big hands . 
( to be fair , the same can be said about many korean imports , and the nokia 's build quality is light years ahead of the koreans . ) 
finally , i reiterate my thumbs-down rating for t-mobile as a carrier . 
their network coverage is very sporadic , and the network always seems overloaded , resulting in very unpleasant calling experience . 
if you can get this phone for cingular or at&t , go with the other carriers . 
unfortunately , the 6610 does not offer voice dialing like my previous phone , but the other features it packs outweighs this shortcoming . 
one downside : as of this writing , t-mobile has n't updated their t-zone system to fully support the 6610 . 
their website does not show it as a compatible phone , and should i try to access the game downloads on t-zones the system returns an error message saying my phone is not supported . 
i have been assured this will be fixed soon . 
now , for the t-mobile service : 
i cannot say enough good things about the people who answer the phones . 
if you have a question , they have the answer . 
and should they not know it , they can find it out pretty quick . 
every phone experience has started with a very brief time on hold followed by a cheerful representative answering the phone . 
the one huge disappointment is that the phones manufactured for t-mobile lack many of the menus and functions that a nokia straight from the manufacturer should have . 
one of the things t-mobile brags about is the fact that it 's a " worldphone " and can be used in europe , etc. 
yet they 've gotten rid of most of the languages that should be in the phone , including italian , german , and dutch . 
the internet functions of the phone - wap and gprs - will only work through t-mobile 's services , because they have deleted the menu options that would enable you to configure the phone to be used on a different network . 
therefore , if you wanted to travel abroad and pop in a local sim card , even if you unlock the phone , there is no way you can use the local wap browser or internet . 
after spending hours being transferred from one tech help person to another , i got fed up and have decided to return the phone . 
bottom line , if you 're attracted to this phone because of its tri-band feature so you can take it abroad , forget it . 
find another phone , or buy this one in its manufacturer-unlocked form . 
however , the main problem that i think is the with the sound quality . 
it is not as good as the samsung phones that i have used earlier . 
when talking the voice is not very clear . 
