I have read the installation instructions for both NIS 2004 and NAV 2004 prior to installation, but still ended up with the same result...junk software.
Why is it that I can install any other type of software and it installs and works properly?
But if I installed either one of these Norton products, neither works after installation?
I have used Norton for the past 5 years and for the last 2 years, the software has gotten more and more disgraceful.
I am glad that I do not work for Norton.
After 4 attempted installs, I have finally given up.
I am thankful that I have Roxio GOBACK, I had to use it 3 of the 4 times.
During install, NIS would either freeze or not reboot properly when asked to do so.
The MS scandisk would appear due to manual shutdown and would only scan to the 2nd bar, over and over(up to 1 hr, I then shut it down and used GOBACK).
 I have never had this problem with any other software on my computer.
Being a past Norton customer, I consider this to be a slap to my face.
Buying software that can not be installed normally and being put into the position of having a non-working computer.
Norton has been on a downhill slid recently with their products, but with this one, they have fallen off the cliff.
 As a loyal customer of Norton/Symantec products, I purchased Internet Security 2004 as a software firewall and could not be any more dissatisfied with the product (and hence the one star rating).
Here's why:
Yeah - this program protects your computer all right - by locking you off the internet.
Anti-SpamAnti-Spam is Good
Other than that it is all the same except the new updates.
Too bad the product is cumbersome and intertwined trying to do so much at one time.
Sometimes a suite is not a good deal and all you get is a bundle of headaches.
Norton Internet Security 2004 is one of the more buggy implementations.
Even for computer super-heros it's a pain to maintain when there is a problem.
This product has virtually all the same installation problems.
This version of Internet Security 2004, is beyond hope.
They are a royal pain to install, and don't function properly once finally installed -- if you can install them at all.
The biggest problem is the installation.
I've had to install and uninstall them four or five times so far, and I've not to get either product working properly.
Why they brought this to market is beyond me.
First, it serious, serious installation problems.
Back in May 2004, when I first reviewed this, it had taken me over 16 hours to install and run.
Since then, I have had one problem after another.
To say that it is "buggy" would be the world's most profound understatement.
Almost from the beginning, LiveUpdate would not function.
First, it failed whenever connecting to get updates.
When I finally got it working, it only worked properly for many a month.
The next problem was that it didn't recognize all the installed components, so it would not update them, most notably and importantly, virus definitions.
Without this important feature, both SystemWorks and Internet Security are all but useless.
Without updated virus definiations, your PC is also at serious risk!
But this doesn't make up for it's innumerable other short-comings, the biggest of which is the inability to download any updates due to problems with LiveUpdate.
The other annoyance with this that you have to remove every single remnant of previous version of Norton SystemWorks before you installs this.
Warning! The Windows "remove program" feature does not do a good job of this, and neither does Norton's own removal program.
 A lot of "fragments" were left in the Registry, and it the Norton system folders.
If you have an older version of "Internet Security" installed, you may also need to remove it as well before proceeding with SystemWorks install.
You also need to go in and MANUALLY remove many Symantec files from the REGISTRY.
(Intructions for doing so are on Symantecs website.)
Even this, however, did not solve my problems.
As of October, 2004, these products are NOT working and I'm ready to demand a refund from Symantec.
I just uninstalled SystemWorks and Internet Security for at least the fifth time due to funtionality issues.
Once again it won't reinstall, even with online and email assistance from Symantect Technicians.
The best thing to do with this version, is to leave it on the store shelf. It doesn't work, and will cost you an enormous amount of your time, not to mention your hard earned dollars.
Personally, I may never buy Symantect products again.
And that's a shame.
They use to be so useful and neceesary.
No longer.
Avoid this product at all costs.
I had a question about the pros and cons of turning off the Norton firewall vs. the windows firewall, and waited 45 minutes to speak with a tech support representative because I did not have a "customer priority ID number."
And, when you think about it, it's insulting that Norton requires its customers to jump through these hoops -- anyone who can provide proof of purchase, whether on the phone or online (what if your computer is down?), should have equal priority.
I may not be a computer expert but I am perfectly capable of following detailed instructions, and Norton just makes life way too hard.
Plus, when Norton provided online updates, there were so many unexplained categories (about 15 over and above virus definitions)
I was totally baffled.
Stay away from this product!
I don't know what's happened to Norton, but 2004 is absolute garbage.
Apparently, they can't even fix the bugs that have overrun their own site.
The customer support is pathetic.
I have found too many bugs in Norton Internet Security Professional to recommend it to any one without extreme patience and experience.
This product is absolutely not ready for release.
It is buggy, slow and basically frustrates the heck out of the user.
I am an IT professional and have used Norton for years, but this product is a complete and utter dud.
It's a rip off if one buys Norton Internet Security and antivirus.
The former hogs memory and it takes ages for the computer to start.
Nothing spectacular is done by internet security or by antivirus software.
Even though I have the parental controls off it constantly starts updating them then freezes my computer.
Had to uninstall it.
Maybe it's me, but this isn't my program.
Now in October,2004, the firewall said I couldn't OK anymore software to use the internet because its full.
Im at full capacity!!!! I called Symantic and they said they don't know why but I should get Tech's Support at $35/hr to help!! I did call them and was on hold for 55 minutes untill I hung up!
I am going to buy PC-cillium ASAP.
So, DON'T buy this or upgrade.
If you currently own the 2003 version, and are looking to upgrade to the 2004 version, don't.
There is little meaningful difference between the two versions aside from the tedius activation process, and the product is currently rather buggy and has problems running unless cleanly installed on a formatted drive.
If you are new to the market and looking to buy a symantec software product, save yourself some money and buy the 2003 version.
It included popup and ad blockers, referrer blockers, firewall,  intrusion detection, and all the same things that the 2004 version includes that are really needed.
From day one, we've had hangups, crashes, glitches, continual reboots, LONG shutdowns due to "ccApp.exe" program running which is a Norton program.
Long reboots due to Norton taking FOREVER  to boot.
We constantly got "Windows Virtual Memory Low" error messages popping up follwed by ridiculous slowdowns and/or crashes.
I don't have one good thing to say.
I agree with the other reviewer that it doesn't even deserve 1 star.
Norton online support does not even acknowledge this problem nor does the computer company that preloaded it on our new computer.
It's a well-known company that I expected more from and spent 2 hours with tech support running all kinds of tests on the computer which of course came back reporting no trouble with the computer.
The tests were right.
It wasn't the computer - it was Norton Internet Security 2004 which is the culprit!!
 Norton support is completely pathetic.
We were so fed up that we uninstalled ALL of Norton Internet/AV 2004 and were going to try McAffee, but a techie friend recommended trying Norton SystemWorks 2005 first.
We were leary to say the least, but decided to give Norton the benefit of the doubt.
We'd used Norton products like Internet Security 2003 forever with only rare troubles.
The SystemWorks 2005 seems to be working GREAT!!
We've only had it 2 days, but so far so good.  (WRONG - SEE UPDATE BELOW)
I hope it's better than this hunk of junk Internet/AV 2004 package.
If SystemWorks 2005 starts to act up, I'm done with Norton products forever.
But I don't think SystemWorks 2005 will start acting up.
72 hours later after installing, it started doing the exact same things!
So, we're fed up.
DO NOT BUY ANY HOME VERSION OF NORTON ANYTHING.
Our Norton Internet/AV 2004 was terrible right from the get go, so I'd think that if SytemWorks is ok now, it should remain ok.
I'll update my review if I find out otherwise.
WRONG - SEE MY UPDATE ABOVE.
Just the home version of Norton Internet/AV has too many glitches and problems to even remotely bother with.
Trust me and all the other reviews on this one.
I am an advanced computer user, so I cannot even imagine how a new or novice user would ever get this terrible program to work!
After installing, the system froze trying to restart (this is a new computer with Windows XP Home).
After finally restarting, the "automatic updates" ran.
When all was said and done, I couldn't even use Microsoft Outlook.
It was a Symantec error.
After a recent update, I can no longer open more then 1 browser window.
I've searched the program and their online tech support (worthless) and have found no solutions.
Again, I tried online email support.
They gave me a ridiculous set of steps which included emailing them screen prints as PDF files!
I use the program like most other people - in DISABLED mode.
Eventually I will uninstall this troublesome bug-filled program.
Maybe it's time to explore McAfee products again...
I already knew something was wrong, because much of the Spam I've seen in the past six months was from resellers of Norton products.
For Norton to encourage Spammers by letting them sell their products is a very bad sign.
I read many reviews on Norton I.S. 2004 from a variety of sources (Cnet, Amazon, message boards) and came to the conclusion that NIS 04 was a terrible product and not worth the update.
In January of 2004, I renewed my subscription service for NIS 2003 but on Jan 7, everything changed.
There was a Verisign problem that conflicted w/Word and Excel and was posted on the Symantec site that affected computers.
The Symantec site said it didn't affect NIS but I believe it did.
I also believe that when I renewed my subscription service that Symantec uploaded the NIS 2004 patch.
All of a sudden everything that reviewers were writing about NIS 2004 was happening to my computer.
Booting up my computer took forever!!!
Then, my ad/pop-up blocking was completely gone.
My file log was not responding and the program was not blocking any cookies or unauthorized sites.
After extensive researching on the Symantec site I broke down and called Symantec.
Again, every review written about the Tech Line is true...after waiting close to 45 minutes I finally spoke to a rep.
I had to pay $29.95 just to go any further.
After telling the rep and his tech supervisor the problem the only answer was to uninstall the program (which I had already done)...
They sent me a link to their website to follow instructions on ridding my registry of all Symantec products so I could get a clean re-install.
Basically, I ate the cost of the renewal and ate the cost of the Tech Help.
Although I disabled Norton AntiSpam, it is still there.
Every time I start Eudora, a message from AntiSpam pops up telling me that COM automation needs to be turned on for it to run properly.
I guess the possibility that someone might not want it to run at all never occured to the designers.
Just to try to shut it up, I told it to go ahead and turn on COM automation.
Next, the big reason not to buy ANY Norton product:  If there's a problem with it, Norton charges $30 to even tell them about it.
The problems I had installing Norton extended way beyond what Symantec should reasonably expect the public to deal with.
When I purchase software, I NEVER want to have to spend hours looking up solutions to my install problems -- in particular solutions that involve manually setting driver preferences or editing the registry!
I downloaded this set from Norton, and within minutes my Internet connection failed and my PC was almost dead due to registry problems from the download.
I was forced to re-format the next day due to extensive incapatability issues.
I lost all my personal info.
Their site offers no live help at all.
I tried to call Norton, and the only numbers they list on their sites are either for Non-tech Customer Service (tried this one and hung up after 75 minute of MUZAC) or they have a $30 tech-support number.
Who wants to pay $30 to discuss a defect in a product that just cost $95? (I also bought the back-up CD).
I finally got a free support number for Norton through my ISP support staff, but waited an hour or more for a voice.
They said they would refund all the money, but a month later, they tell me now the back-up disc is not refundable as its cost is purely handling and shipping - $15 to "handle" and ship a CD? --and they have been indignant and combative on the phone and in emails.
This is a terrible company with a bad product and awful support.
No problems now, just a sickly disappointment in the way Norton has abandoned thier customers.
I see many other reviews that say the same....stay away from Norton, they don't deserve you, or anyone!
A security software suite with lots of value
While I understand the complaints about Symantec's Norton SystemWorks software suite (which are totally justified), the same can't be said for Norton Internet Security.
I've alway liked Symantec products, except for this version 2004.
If you are already using a previous version of nortron security and unistalled it to install the new version, you will still have all kind of problems in installing the new version on your system!
It seems like Symantec did a lousy job on this version.
To install that version you have to uninstall from the window registery anything called Symantec or Nortron,... also from the common files in the program folder the symantec folder has to be deleted.
If you got stuck do what I did,search for any folder called symantec and delete it! then install that program(assuming you know what you are doing).
If you have no previous version of  nortron security on your system, or Nortron Antivirus, the installation will go fine, otherwise dig in and in to do a major registery clean up!the old programs will leave a trace that will mess up the new installation, even if you uninstalled the old programs perfectly.
What dissapointes me the most that a software like that  is not cheap gets zero support form symantec, if you want support, they'll charge you a Fee!
I am giving a zero star to symantec for this version!
Symantec should give us all a refund and apology!
I will NEVER buy their product again at this rate, and neither should you.
BEWARE!!!!
However, Symantec has taken a significant turn for the worse with this release.
While it has a rather effective firewall, and comes with Norton Antivirus (which I'm actually rather fond of), the Security Suite has significantly slowed down my system.
I'm currently using a Sony Vaio S-150 (which I bought at the end of this past August), and it takes about five minutes just to boot the system - in fact, I've taken to just hibernating, rather than shutting down completely.
HOWEVER, I AM VERY DISAPPOINTED WITH THIS PRODUCT AND WITH SYMANTEC.
There is absolutely nothing useful at the Symantec/Norton site.
I am going to uninstall this and stick with my old version until they offer a fix or until I can find a program from another vendor.
I purchased this even though I saw some disparaging reviews at the Amazon site, trusting PC Magazine to get it right.
However, I suspect that many people are having a bad experience -- DO NOT PURCHASE THIS PRODUCT.
This program would not let me send Outlook Email or listen to Audible sample books online.
I gave up trying to figure how to get my email sent or listen to streaming programs.
I had much of the same problems that everyone else has listed (mainly the SLOOOOOOOOOW processor), and then I couldn't get the damn thing off my computer completely!
I decided to give it one last chance... so I formatted my hard drive, reinstalled Windows XP (which also required a day & night download/install of SP2 on dial-up) and put NIS2004 back onto the computer.
And I can't warn you enough to STAY AWAY FROM NORTON!!
I have a modern PC with lots of speed and memory, but this firewall just brought it to a halt.
Configuring it for a home network was almost impossible.
Multiple users on one machine never seemed to behave like you'd expect.
Avoid at all costs
I just about lost it this morning with this software.
While I was trying to play Half Life 2 it started popping up with "alerts" every twenty seconds (literally), warning me my antivirus protection was off.
But it wouldn't let me turn the AV protection back on and it wouldn't stop with the alerts.
I had tried to uninstall Norton Internet Security a few weeks ago, and it wouldn't let me do that either.
Of course, if you try to reach Symantec customer service you get useless automated systems unless you want to pay $30 per incident.
Meanwhile, the damn alert is still popping up every 20 seconds.
Finally I ran msconfig and went into the "services" tab and unchecked every last Norton/Symantec "service," then ran uninstall again.
I simply hate Symantec. I swear, if I could have physically ripped that software out of my computer with my bare, bleeding hands, I would have.
