it plays alternate video formats ( vcds , svcds , cvds ) very well . 
and amazon.com has it for such a great price -- how can you go wrong ? 
i 've bought one for the den and will buy a 2nd one for the bedroom . 
strengths are well listed by other reviewers . 
player works and looks great - if you can get the dvd 's to play . 
the progressive scan option can be turned off easily by a button on the remote control which is one of the simplest and easiest remote controls i have ever seen or used . 
i also own an " apex ad 1201 " dvd player and have had no problems with it since i purchased it almost 1 1/2 years ago . 
one big difference between the 1201 and the 2600 models is that the 2600 model is virtually silent . 
and does n't need to be placed in a cabinet like the 1201 does . 
friends of mine who own apex tv sets are also all very pleased . 
i would not hesitate to purchase this if you are uncertain of the brand name . 
consider it for a future gift too ! 
this is the best dvd player i 've purchased . 
i 've owned a panasonic and sony dvd and this one outperforms in function and image quality and most of all , access speed . 
for those of you who has problems with this player , i 'd suggest checking the owners manual to get the right setting so that you are not displaying the wrong mode and have no picture , etc. 
this player has worked flawlessly for me and at this price , you can 't go wrong . 
80 % of the features on here you will not get by spending $ 100 on a sony or panasonic . 
having said that , this is what you do . " add to cart " ! 
" check out " ! 
" enjoy " ! 
output through component connections looks very good , on my non-hd tv . 
bad : 
excellent picture quality - on par with my pioneer , panasonic , and jvc players . 
4 . 
i think , apex is the best dvd player you can get for the price . 
some of my friends had well branded dvd-players but they keep complaining that sometime it stucks and sucks ! 
i use this with a home theater system and it 's amazing how it sounds , the picture clarity is unmatched ! 
amazon was wonderful about picking it up the next day and paying for the return shipping . 
perhaps this experience will teach me not to buy " off " brands . 
amazon is awaesome ! 
they refunded my $ $ $ so fast and paid for the shipping back . 
what more could you ask for . 
it does play a wide range of formats as advertised which is very nice . 
the picture is perfect , although i 'm not watching on an hdtv . 
but , dollar for dollar , this dvd player is probably the best out there . 
this is probably one of the few dvd players at $ 40 that can play almost everything you throw at it . 
the plus points are - 
1 . 
price 
2 . 
apex is the best cheap quality brand for dvd players . 
i have shopped with amazon before and have been very happy with their performance thus far . 
i received the apex ad-2600 before i expected . 
that is where my satisfaction ends . 
i bought the apex ad-2600 because of the ability to play jpegs and it seemed like it was the most bang for the buck . 
this is the third apex product i 've bought and they continue to impress for the price . 
it goes nicely with my apex 27 " in my bedroom . 
i am very pleased with this product and the price to match and have n't had any problems . 
there are really easy directions for setup and fiddling around with the picture , zoom etc . 
i am really impressed by this dvd player . 
if it can fit in the drive bay , this dvd player will play it . 
no matter the format . 
awesome ! 
