This camera is truely superb.
They say that they are the best pictures they have ever see from a compact. 
These are some shaky ones I took just after delivery:
I've taken about hundred shot with the Canon, in varying lighting situations, all in auto mode, and not one blurry picture!!! 
I did not conduct a rigorous test, but just took some identical shots in identical lighting with both cameras, and the Canon won hands down. 
The Canon is very small, definitely pocket size, but still easy to hold firmly. 
It powers up quickly, so you won't miss that quick shot. 
I can't comment on most of the manual features of the camera because I've been shooting in auto mode, but based on my experience so far, manual adjustment, while available, won't be needed for most of the shots I will be taking. 
Once I have the time, I plan to explore all the high end features of the camera, but for now, I can't comment intelligently or fairly. 
I have been very impressed with my purchase of the SD500 I bought it at the beginning of the month as the ultimate pocket camera and have shot 300 images so far with it.
start up is so quick – 
great picture quality - in automatic mode, quality is great. 
i connected my camera to the tv and played some video clips and for a digital camera to take such good quality clips, i give it 5/5 stars =) oh and btw, while you take video clips, you can zoom it too! (digital zoom only though)...but still...(my old one can't do that...you have to zoom it first if you want then take the video clip.)
if you'll only read the whole manual, you'll find out even more cool features and you'll learn how to manipulate the quality you want to achieve and all those modes will make sense after reading 
as a whole, i say, it's way more than what i expected. 
Having the Digic II chip helps a lot. 
This camera takes amazing pictures and its size cannot be beat. 
I still can't believe how fast it starts up. 
I take a lot of pictures and this camera is my first choice. 
I still have my s70 because I like the wider lens sometimes, but in general, if you are looking for a small camera with the whole package, the sd500 is the only one you should buy. 
This camera is an excellent choice for an ultracompact, take anywhere device and boasts an outstanding movie mode to boot. 
The instruction manuals and documentation are excellent so that the learning curve will be much less steep.
The photo quality is amazing. 
it's fast, feels great in your hand and looks great too. 
I've printed several photos and the prints look as good as the screen views.
another thing i like about this camera is the way that you can swap colors around and the impressive video quality i would advise any person in the market for a camera to pay the little extra on the hefty $500 price tag and get a quality camera.
However, this ultracompact allows the photographer to personalize his or her shooting preferences through a variety of preset and user definable modes. 
If you want a sharp looking, fast digital camera and you don't need or want manual controls, then this is the camera for you! 
Great for 1st time digital camera owners who are learning the "digital" way of the photo taking force (like me) or for the experienced digital photographer who wants a powerful, easy to keep with you at all times camera.
 am so glad I bought this camera. 
All the good reviews for the SD500 are true. 
The view finder shows crystal clear pictures that will look even better when you get them to the computer. 
The included software removes any red eye easily. 
if you are looking for a small camera to throw in your pocket, take great pics and video, get the SD500. 
Also make sure you pick up a good high speed SD card like the SanDisk Ultra 2.
Placement of the buttons and software user interface is near perfect. 
I also tend to like the sliding cover/on switch found on many compact PS cameras since it's much faster and easier to power on if you need to take that instant shot. 
overall build quality, good macros-results, impressive video-quality, good pictures with flash (good colours, sharp results), excellent auto white balance.
In low light with flash I found it clear better then the sony P200 (too much red, colours overall not as natural but fewer red-eyes). 
The Fujifilm F10 is probably the best compact camera for low light (ISO 400 with not much noise, even ISO 800 is relative good). 
I have see impressive pictures of this camera but also some who are not as detailed as of the Ixus SD500. 
For me the colors of the Casio-cameras (Z750, Z50)aren't by far as good as that of the SD500, the pictures looks more artificial and over processed. 
Good color and very little needed to correct photos on Paintshop Pro. 
The manual is excellent. 
Get the Ultra SD card which allows very quick turnaround on shots. 
To limit lag time, turn off flash or if flash needed, turn off display. 
Also, multiple picture feature is very, very fast.
Very fast powerup and great speed when taking multiple pictures. 
Perfect size! Beats the competition by leaps and bounds. 
Check out the other professional reviews for this camera on the web. 
CNET unfortunately is greatly underrating this camera in its editorial review. 
Check this one out for yourself for sure!
I have not been this happy about a purchase I have made in a long time. 
I highly recommend this camera! I can shoot continuous 640x480 60 fps video until my 1gig SD card fills up! 
I love the camera.
This camera is perfect for the person who wants a compact camera that produces excellent photos in just about any situation. 
Flash works well for a compact, red eye is a minor problem. 
The camera responce is VERY quick. 
Almost no lag between button activation and shutter. 
Camera powers on and ready in about a second. 
And the video quality is amazing. 
On the 60fps setting it seems like a regular video recorder!! 
And it fits right in my pocket much easier than my old S30. 
An A++!!!
