I'd say that this camera is perfect.
It is amazingly small, it's hard to believe all that has been packed into this camera.
I take it with me everywhere,literally, 
The picture quality of this camera is outstanding (taking its' size and price into consideration).
However, I do have a few things to complain about...  
This wonderfully small digital camera produces fantastically good pictures printed on any decent photo-quality printer (with photo quality paper).
This IS the best camera you can have for digital images if you want to:
The color and light I captured with this camera on a 12-day trip to Turkey (gorgeous vividly colored ceramic tiles inside darkened mosques) were far superior to anything I've ever gotten with a traditional 35-mm film camera.
I love this camera.
It's still one of the smallest 2MP digital cameras on the market, and absolutely one of the best-built most stylish cameras ever.
I've been incredibly happy with this camera.
I discovered that the camera has a manual mode that gives you total control over exposure, white balance, flash (red eye, person against bright background, flash on, flash off, flash automatic).
The panorama setting is unbelieveable !
You take around 12 pictures in a circle, stitch them together and voila; you have a perfect memory of where you were standing ! 
But it takes gorgeous pictures for a 2.1 MP camera.
I love this camera!
I got this camera for an unbelievably low price at amazon.
I would recommend this camera unequivocally!
I got this camera for an unbelievably low price at amazon.
I would recommend this camera unequivocally!
The pictures are uniformly excellent and color rendering is perfect.
I purchased this camera before it went on sale, and while I wouldn't have minded keeping the extra $$$, it was definitely worth it.
I have been absolutely, completely satisfied with the product and its capabilities.
I am no computer expert, and this is my first (and probably last) digital camera.
This is a great product, and Canon has done an excellent job.
I give this product five stars for its usability,performance, expandability, and definitely looks!
I must say, I think this is the coolest camera I've ever  owned!
First, it really is tiny; the size of a pack of cigarettes, maybe  a scooch deeper.
The included battery charger is larger!
Second, it is  incredibly easy to use.
5- Excelent software package.
Very easy to use for someone like me who's just hopping on the digital camera bandwagon.
I love not having to go to Walgreen's to get my pictures develpoed anymore!
Definitely a good investment.
The size is tiny, which I love.
We bought extra memory and a backup battery (so we can use one while the other is charging).
All the features are incredibly intuitive, even for a novice like me.
I would recommend getting a larger Compact Flash card, because once you start taking pictures, you won't want to stop.
The pictures are beautiful, and the camera is so small you can carry it anywhere.
I bought this little guy a few weeks back, and I have to saythat I never had so much fun with a new toy as this.
You willdefinitly appreciate the small size.
You can take it anywhere withyou, unlike other bulky cameras, and capture every moment of yourlife.
