i recently purchased the canon powershot g3 and am extremely satisfied with the purchase . 
in a word , " awesome " is how i would describe this camera . 
i am absolutely in awe of this camera , canon put enormous quality into the g3 . 
do n't walk , run and buy this camera if you have the budget , i guarantee you will not be disappointed . 
i bought my canon g3 about a month ago and i have to say i am very satisfied . 
the photo quality is amazing and i know i 'm going to have fun with all the features . 
i 've figured out most of its features on my own already ( because i have used digital cameras before , so i know things like symbols ) . 
i 'm one of those people that can only concentrate on one screen at a time so i 've been having trouble paying attention to the little display panel on top , but that does n't stop me from loving this camera . 
the highest optical zoom pictures are perfect . 
i have not yet seen any of the usual problems with digital pictures ( purple fringing , etc ) so i am very pleased . 
it is a fantastic camera and well worth the price . 
recent price drops have made the g3 the best bargain in digital cameras currently available . 
4 megapixels is enough for anybody and the photo quality is awesome . 
do n't get fooled by the 5 megapixel marketing hype . 
unless you want to print murals , you do n't need it . 
i recommend unreservedly the powershot g3 to any potential buyer looking for a first-class digital camera at a reasonable price - there is no better camera out there - period ! 
i was able to take great photos of the 4th of july fire works , and got some amazing shots of the kids playing with sparklers . 
warning - i did read the manual ! 
this is my first digital camera , and i am very pleased with it . 
i do not know a whole lot about photography , but i am happy to know that this camera can always perform , even as i grow in skill and knowledge . 
overall it is the best camera on the market . 
i give it 10 stars ! 
a ) the picture quality ( color and sharpness of focusing ) are so great , it completely eliminated my doubt about digital imaging --- how could one eat rice one grain at a time : - ) ) 
when i took outdoor photos with plenty of light and the objects were n't moving , the photos were awesome . 
what this plug-in reveals is the truly stunning quality of the raw g3 hardware . 
without any tweaking at all , if the exposure is accurate , the colors are as realistic as ive ever seen produced by film , and this is a raw image ! 
but at least youre starting with the most photorealistic images ive ever seen from a camera . 
i am stunned and amazed at the quality of the raw images i am getting from this g3 ( in conjunction with my professional flash system ) , and can easily put up with the cameras limitations , because ive never seen anything better within its resolution limits . 
this is the perfect camera for a photo hobbiest who wants to have easy point and shoot ability as well . 
my girlfriend loved using this camera so much as a point and shoot that i had to pry it out of her hands most of the time . 
manual functionality is excellent , downloading pictures is quick and a breeze , and the quality is astounding . 
i did a good month 's worth of research before buying this over other similar priced digital cameras , and this is the best buy for the buck . 
not perfect ( yes , the viewfinder can get obstructed in instances.but the lcd works well enough in those instances ) , not the cheapest 4.0 mp , but the best 4.0 mp . 
if you do n't believe me on that , check the consumer reports review as well as the many digital camera review sites out there . 
or save time and just do it , you wo n't regret it . 
the service from the supplier was exceptional . 
the camera arrived on time and in perfect condition . 
having used it for more than a month , i can say that it consistently produces topnotch photos . 
recently , i attended a " flyball " competition 
-- an event that involves dogs running and jumping hurdles . 
by cocking the shutter to the halfway position and getting the settings ready to shoot , i was able to produce excellent stopaction photos -- contrary to what other reviewers experienced . 
i can 't write enough positive things about this great little camera ! 
but canon never fails to amaze . 
some of the great gains over g2 -- 
overall , the g3 delivers what must be considered the best image quality of any current > 4 megapixel digicams , from a detail , tonal balance and color response point of view . 
there 's really very little about g3 images to criticize . 
short of the eos range from canon or the d100s from nikon ( both slrs ) .
because it can help a so-so photographer take spectacular photos ! 
this is my first digital camera and i could n't be happier . 
i have but plan on selling my rebel ti and all of the equipment with it . 
this camera is worth every penny , and i highly recommend it ! 
another point of note : the battery life is incredible ! 
i did not have a backup battery , and had no need for one . 
i did have ability to charge it every night , so do n't know how long it would have actually gone before dying . 
this camera will stay with me for years ! 
the best 4 megapixel/4x optical zoom camera available and fairly easy to use . 
highly recommended . 
for more info on digital cameras , go to dpreviews . 
because this camera is beautiful . 
the g2 was slightly curvy with a champagne finish -- very homely . 
the g3 looks like a work of art ! 
its silver magnesium finish is stunning , and the sharp lines and excellent grip are better than any other camera i 've seen . 
the little digital elphs were the best-designed , most-elegant cameras until the g3 came along and squashed them . 
best camera ever . from the image quality , color , function , i can say almost everything . 
however , for a $ 600 - $ 800 budget , i think this camera is an excellent choice . 
the image quality is excellent . 
messing around with images in photoshop ( a supplied software package ) and printing them on a good printer , yielded excellent results . 
unless you are making posters , a g3 is more than good enough . 
i 've now had the camera for two months and i 'm even more pleased with it . 
i wound up buying a gray card and use it all the time with the custom white-balance setting . 
it helps avoid the problem of a color cast on the pictures , especially in mixed-light settings . 
if you do n't have a gray card , you can use a plain white piece of paper . 
i also discovered the exposure-bracket setting , which enables you to take three exposures with one press of the shutter : the first at the camera-determined exposure , then one lighter and one darker . 
especially useful with portraits and difficult-to-meter situations . 
i did buy the telephoto lens ( and the required extension ) . 
very easy to use . 
i 'll probably also get the wide-angle now , too . 
very comfortable camera , easy to use , and the best digital photos you 're going to get at this price . 
all-in-all , i believe this is arguably the best non-slr digital camera on the market . 
simply , the canon g3 is the best digital camera out there today at this price point . 
the canon allows you to change lenses , and it accepts the ibm microdrive ( type ii compact flash ) , so you can have up to 1 gigabyte of storage . 
for me on the fine resolution setting ( not maximum but very close ) this adds up to over 1000 images with the 1 gig card . 
even with these shortcomings , i still think it is the best digital camera available under $ 1200 . 
definetely a great camera . 
