while , there are flaws with the machine , the xtra gets five stars because of its affordability . 
like it 's predecessor , the quickly revised nx , this player boasts a decent size and weight , a relatively-intuitive navigational system that categorizes based on id3 tags , and excellent sound ( widely known to be better than ipod - not surprising considering the number of years creative has been in the audio peripheral business ) . 
the xtra improves upon the zen nx with a larger , now-blue backlit screen , which is infinitely better . 
further , the xtra doubles the maximum filecount capacity to 16000 mp3 . 
this is especially useful for those who listen mostly to pop music and store all those short ditties . 
when compared to the ipod the zen xtra falls short , but only by a bit . 
yes the ipod is smaller , but not $ 200 worth , which is the premium you 'll pay for an equivalent capacity model . 
yes , the ipod looks in tune with the carefully articulated urban-hipster persona thats become popular as of late , but sure-as-hell is n't worth the $ 200 premium ( unless you are just dying to match your music player with that volkswagen beetle and urban outfitters wardrobe ) . 
for me , i 'll save that cash for another purchase . 
i chose this one because from what i read , it was the best deal for the money . 
the included leather pouch is a big plus : it actually protects the unit well , something a lot of ' carrying cases ' fail to do with other audio devices . 
the creative labs zen xtra has all the features the i-pod has and if you get if from amazon your only going to pay $ 300 for this great player . 
i 've had it for about 2 weeks and it 's the best player i 've seen , and used , ever . 
all in all this a great player that blows the i-pod away , with easy to use and understand features , software that is simple to understand and use , and a great sound ( which is all that matters in a mp3 player ) . 
just get some new headphones and your set . 
it 's a very intuitive program . 
the menus are very easy to navigate . 
the other controls are all very easy to use . 
other than that this thing is great ... 
enjoy ! 
i love my new nomad , its great ! 
now i dont have to lug around 80 cds if i dont know what i 'm going to want to listen to biking home . 
lookthis thing , while looking pretty cool , is not as sexy as the ipod . 
for some this might be a problem , but for the price of a 30 gig ipod , you can get a 60gb nomad , the ipod simply pales in comparison . 
the software is very easy to use , and within 30 minutes of opening my box , i was out and about listening to any one of my 80 cds . 
on the subject of headphones , this thing seems like a normal mp3 player when you use the headphones they give you in the box , but invest 30 dollars in a nice pair and the sound quality goes up through the roof ! 
if you want a sexy , cool , accessory-availible mp3 player , by all means , get an ipod for a hundred dollars more ( or one for the same price that holds 1/3 of the music ) . 
but if you want a great deal and a great mp3 player , get the nomad . 
so easy to set up , had some problems with my archos . 
stayed up all night trying to figure out that thing . 
navigation is so smooth and finding files is a cinch . 
i really do recommend this to anyone in need of a new player . 
in fact , my boyfriend is now going to invest into one of these suckers as well ... now he realizes that this is the best choice over his current archos and the ipod he was eyeing . 
the lcd screen was very large and readable . 
thank you ! 
my last mp3 player 's screen drove me nuts . 
a great buy . 
compared to everything else in this category , this is most definately the best bang for the buck . 
i gave the zen 5 stars because it 's excellent for the class that it is in and it 's not really appropriate to rate it based on players in a different class . 
my personal favorite is the karma ( i currently own a karma , a zen usb 2.0 , a philips hdd100 , and an upgraded 60 gig archos jukebox recorder ). 
i guess that 's why you so often see " ipodders " bashing every other player out there ( very often not knowing anything about them the whole " i spent $ 120 more for something not any better and so should you ... so i can feel better " thing . 
i love this player . 
its great . 
i love this player and would probably go with creative labs again . 
anyway , this player is a great deal and i really love it . 
the sound quality is excellent ( and i 'm fussy with that stuff ) , the unit looks cool , screen is bright and easy to read , and the replaceable battery means a major advantage over the ipod ( besides the price , but everyone knows that ) . 
bottom line ... great product , unbeatable price . 
i got mine for $ 160 less than the ipod 30gb ( got an extra $ 30 off for applying for an amazon visa ... thanks amazon ! ) 
basic shipping was a bit slow , but that 's okay . 
i got it now , and i 'm diggin ' it . 
all in all though i 'm very happy with my new mp3 player . 
i 'll admit that i 'd own an ipod if i had money to burn , but for the money this is a much better buy . 
highly recommended ! 
i purchased the nomad jukebox zen xtra 40gb and it is fantastic ! 
i found using the supplied mediasource software very easy . 
if you have always on internet or are logged into the internet you can use the feature that will download the album & song id information ( this is a free service ) with the click of a button . 
being a creative product the playback quality is unbeatable . 
i use my own mid-priced headphones rather than the enclosed earbuds . 
the sound quality with jazz and pop music is equally superior . 
- best in class sound 
transfers are surprisingly quick through usb 2.0 . 
i love the storage in this thing . 
i have 100 of my cd 's transferred and have n't made a dent in the 30 gb drive . 
i doubt i will use half of the storage capacity , but you never know . 
this is definitely opening up possibilities to obtaining mp3 's in which i would have never purchased the cd . 
now my dissapointments . 
the description of the warranty is buried on the supplied set up cd . 
the warranty is 90 days . 
this is my second creative labs mp3 player , and it is definitely a fine product . 
first let me give you the bad things : 
first of all the player 's sound quality is superior to the ipod . 
the player 's software is very easy to use and very good . 
this thing seriously is a good player though . 
this thing is great , i like to use it to pick up tough stains on my countertop and also to listen to my old 8-track records . 
sometimes when i get really lonely , i like to put on some kenny g and light some candles , and while this does n't help , i am a capitalist pig and like buying things too , nah mean ! ? 
i did have some problems figuring out how to turn the unit on , but creative did a good job with this , as they had a clearly labled " on " button that i found when i left my cellar for the first time in years . 
there was very little light in there . 
anyway , im gon na go find dennis now , have a nice day ! ! ! 
for the price and features it is really good . 
one thing , before buying this player i have called the creative tech. support and asked them if i can navigate by folders beside artist / album and answer was yes . 
sure enough there is no such ability . 
not sure , if customer rep. did not know the product exactly , it is still new or they just give an anser which users would like to hear . 
the 30gb zen xtra rocks my socks , spills my beer , but does n't wash my car . 
so what ? 
i can do that myself . 
i just purchased this player and i have to say that i love it . 
i just bought this player today and i already love it . 
otherwise , this player is awesome ! 
overall , this player is awesome and i definately recommend it . 
compared to other leading hdd mp3 players , the value per gb is the tops . 
- price : see above . 
this player is an ideal purchase . 
there is n't need to get in details again , but just remember it rocks because : price , sound , ease of use , and features . 
i would recogmend this player to anyone i know , and you will not be dissapointed . 
i have no problem using the player itself and i feel it is a very good player . 
i have the software working fine now and the mp3 player is fantastic . 
it seems that depending on the system the software might not work or might work , because it works on all the other computers i have . 
the zx boasts superior sound quality than the ipod , however it compromises a bit of the unit 's size in doing so . 
lastly , the price is fantastic : 
i spent $ 269 for my 30gb zx , compared to the $ 299 for a 10gb ipod and the also expensive iriver ihp-120 . 
for prospective buyers , i would warn of the following : 1 ) purchase a better pair of headphones as soon as possible , as earbuds sound terrible and are terribly uncomfortable ( this applies to earbuds in general , ) and 2 ) make sure that your mp3s have id3 tags on them , that when when they are loaded into the playlist they will automatically sort themselves . 
if you want great sound quality , do n't want to spend an arm and a leg per-gigabyte , do n't mind being something of an iconoclast among many ipod users , and are willing to sacrifice a few cubic centimeters of your personal space for a large discount , then i would suggest the zen xtra for you . 
usb 2.0 - very fast 
but the sound is very good ( and loud ) and works well on my portable speakers . 
very simple to use . 
the reason it does not get 5 stars 
all in all suprisingly easy to use . 
i found it very useful for transferring large files to another computer . 
this almost made it worth the price alone . 
i was able to easily copy 2gb worth of video files from my computer , and then transfer them to a friend 's . 
huge storage space - even at 320kbs , you can store a ton of songs on this thing . 
30gb is more than enough for most people . 
the buttons and interface are very easy to use . 
i have found that the interface on the nomad is very easy to use if you have a basic knowledge of a computer . 
also the ipod has games on it . 
games are ok for a cell phone , but mp3 's are for music . 
before asking for the zen xtra specifically for christmas i researched many different mp3 players but finally decided on this one , and now that i have it i could n't be happier and i 'm convinced it 's the best one out there . 
the cd ripping to mp3 is so easy , and you can even rip the cd directly to the mp3 player , so it wo n't take up space on your pc hard drive . 
the player is fast and sounds great , it also has many options like slowing or speeding up the music , or making it sound like you 're hearing the music in a huge auditorium . 
the software could n't be better and the mp3 player works like a dream , i could n't give this anything but a 5 , i wish there was a 6 . 
well i have to say that this product is very good i mean it might be a little big but it still fits in your pocket . 
sound quality is amazing. i was expecting worse , but its really good ( especially if your files have good sound quality ) . 
you can also slow a song down & speed it up , which is cool too . 
i have had the nomad jukebox for about three weeks now , and i am very happy with it . 
the zen is an outstanding way to shuttle music between sources , you can 't do this on the ipod ( except for a cumbersome work-around using the ipod as a hard drive instead of a player ) . 
the software is quick & easy to use & i found the entire process very easily mastered . 
to my ears , a 160 kbps wma file sounds just as good as the source cd , and the zen xtra sounds just as good as a portable cd player . 
no complaints there . 
plusses are the easy to remove battery and the terrific sound produced by the nomad . 
the new organizer software that ships with the nomad zen xtra could n't be easier to use . 
point the " media sniffer " to your music files and let it do the rest . 
and with usb 2.0 , transferring music to your player is incredibly easy . 
you can also delete songs from the player itself , and create playlists - on the fly - on your player . 
the sound quality is fantastic ( cd quality ) and it is really great to carry this around instead of stacks of cd 's or tapes ! 
i love this player and am extremely happy with my decision . 
i cannot recommend it enough ! ! 
c. i do love audio sync which allows a one-click synchronization between the player and the music collection on the computer . 
the combination of the price , storage size , and player features makes this player the best on the market . 
the biggest drawback that people have about the zen xtra is the software . 
fact is , it could n't be easier to use . 
these models now ship with creative 's mediasource program , which allows you to highlight the files on your computer that you want to add to your zen xtra , click a button , and transfer it straight to your player . 
assuming you have filled in all the id3 tags on your mp3s , you will not have any problem finding them on your zen xtra . 
sound quality on this is amazing , as with all creative products . 
usb 2.0 transfer is insanely fast . 
the display is awesome , you can see everything you want and read it clearly 
2 . 
huge storage space , i loaded my entire collection of music , which isnt that much , 400 songs , and still have 26 gb , out of the 28 provided to you . 
( 28 not 30 because software itself takes space ) . 
and those songs mostly are 320 kbps. 
3 . 
i dont know what other people are saying , but the software is awesome . 
you can easily access ur files , and easily fill in the id3 tags , which can take a while with a big collection of music , but if your not lazy , you will do it without a problem . 
and i read today that you can also have online fill out the id3 , so its not a problem . 
7 . 
the music plays awesome , never skips , even if u run for a bit , so you can listen to music without interruption . 
cons : 
1 . 
possibly the biggest advantage this player has ( if price was n't enough ) is the fact that the user can replace the battery him / herself by opening the lid and popping in the new battery . 
since batteries do run out on everything , this will also be a big money-saver since ipods , irivers , rca , dell , all have built-in batteries that need to be replaced by a technician ( apple charges 100 bones for the battery replacement ) . 
have had the player since xmass and love it ! 
pros : 
the system is terrific in size and design , imo looking better than the ipods . 
it 's bigger , but people have grossly exaggerated the size differences - it 's only about half an inch longer and 1/3 inch thicker than the new-generation ipods . 
sound : exceptional , though i can 't really compare it to the ipod . 
from what i 've heard it 's at least equal . 
like others have mentioned , you can manage to hear new things in songs even though they 're on lower bit levels . 
there 's no so-called background hiss that i 've noticed , at least so far . 
overall , i 'm giving this 5 stars as i 've seen nothing of the problems people have repeatedly cried havoc over , but as i 've only had the player for a while i leave room for doubt if the headphone jack , hissing , or scroll wheel problems show up with me too . 
so far , however , i 'm a very happy customer . 
please consider this much superior piece of equipment before plopping down half a grand for an ipod . 
honestly , i love this player . 
one horrible flaw , or mayybe more than one . 
because other people that complain about this player are talking bull , this player is awesome , it just breaks fast , which is horrible . 
now honestly , i love this player , but with all seriousness , i would not recommend it to other people , because of the breakdown flaw. and i honestly would not recomment the people of the ipod , that crap sucks big donkey ..... never mind . 
i hope my next player doesnt breakdown . . 
honestly , the best players without any flaws were the goddam cd players . 
this is all i have to say . 
