Works great, no odor, and uses regular bags.
Can't complain at all!
The Diaper Champ is the best we found!
It is far better than just a trash can or the Diaper Genie and it's fairly inexpensive as baby products go!
I love that you don't have to purchase expensive refills.
There is no odor and extremely easy to use.
Having one of these helps from needing to take out the trash daily for the guys!
This is easy to work and easy to dispose of the dirty diapers.
FANTASTIC!
It also holds a lot more diapers.
I highly recommend this!
It's also so easy to use and holds a great deal of diapers.
I haven't noticed any seepage of smells.
The bags attach inside the Champ easily and all one has to do is cram the diaper down and flip the handle.
Presto!
Diaper falls into bag inside the Champ.
The diaper champ couldn't be easier to use.
And the biggest plus is that you don't have to buy any expensive refills.
It takes regular trash bags.
I generally put kitchen size bags in it, but you can use just about any size if you are in a pinch.
THIS ITEM IS EXCEPTIONAL I like the ease of use and it held the odor in great.
For even better odor control we would put a plug ins in the outlet closest to it.
I had no problem with stuck diapers and if I did it wasn't often but I can see how it would happen.
Diaper Champ is by far the best diaper pail!
It holds a lot of diapers, not to mention the odor!
It's easy to use (just a flip of the lid, and the diaper is gone!).
It's also easy to empty out.
Just unlock the top, and remove the plastic bag.
And best of all, no wasting money on special refill bags---this takes ordinary garbage bags!
Whether you are using disposable or cloth diapers, this is the truly the only diaper pail to get!
Being a very economical person, I appreciate the fact that any plastic bag can be used with this system- I never did like the prospect of buying special Diaper Genie refills.
If you have a really sensitive nose, I can suggest buying some scented kitchen trash bags to use with the Diaper Champ- since the odor is contained in the Champ, once you have to open it to empty out the full bag, you're quite often greeted with a rather unpleasant blast of odor, and scented bags help with that.
Go for the Champ.
It lives up to its name.
With the enormous numbers of diapers that you go through with a newborn, it was great how easy it was to dispose of the dirty ones.
No need to pay for the special refills that the other brands require!
*holds a LOT of diapers--a full week of toddler diapers!
(we wrap them nice and tight) *we use our regular kitchen trash bags--cheap!
*holds the odor in nicely!
(every now and then I spray down the inside of the pail with Lysol) *easy one-hand use *impossible for my inquisitive child to get the dirty diapers OUT of the pail Every now and then odors do escape the pail, but that is rare--and it usually just means that we've crammed too much in there and need to change the bag.
Spraying down the inside of the container (and letting it air out) periodically definitely helps.
It holds quite a few diapers, and pops them in quickly and easily.
I use the same store-brand tall kitchen trash bags I already use in the kitchen for it -- no special "diaper" trash bags necessary.
This is one of the best purchases we made.
The champ, the baby bjorn, fluerville diaper bag, and graco pack and play bassinet all vie for the best baby purchase.
I love this pail!
The diaper champ is the best!
Having used it with 2 children 13 months apart.
I can honestly speak to its worth!
I have tried other pails, but none have compared positively to the Champ.
1) The champ is easy to use.
One pail that I used was so difficult to change the bag and insert the dirty diaper.
You had to remove the entire lid and lay it on the floor (which led to my toddler running away with it which is gross) while trying to fit the bag correctly into the slot.
For diaper disposal, you had to push a button and the lid would or would not pop open.
You do not have to waste money or time trying to purchase special bags for the Champ.
You can save your bags from your shopping trip and insert them into the Champ.
Special bags are expensive, hard to find, and you never have enough.
This will never be a problem with the Champ.
Don't Caregivers need more simplicity in their lives?
The Champ gives you peace of mind and wallet.
3)The Champ is Odor Free for at least 15 months.
Regardless to this fact, I believe the Champ is the best way to go.
The positives outway the negatives.
There probably isn't a pail out on the market that doesn't get smelly after a while.
Let the Champ win you over!
No need for deodorizers.
I use the regular kitchen trash bags and it is so easy to empty.
even did while daughter sleep and no noise!
I use the scented bags and even if I don't no smell!
It holds almost a week's worth of diapers, and you don't need expensive refills - any kitchen bags work.
Personally, I am VERY pleased with the Diaper Champ.
And it is very easy to clean.
I can keep one hand on my baby and dump the diaper at the same time, it is that simple.
I am SO thankful I got that advice when I did because I had the Diaper Genie on my registry aforementioned to her warning.
I'd abhor having to drive all the way to a baby superstore to purchase bags her dirty diapers are just going to get thrown away in.
I am very pleased with our choice.
This is a great diaper pail.
There is no odor and it is very easy to use.
(You can do it one handed while still hanging on to the baby.) Also, we like using regular trash bags instead of having to worry about buying refills (like with the Diaper Genie).
It works great.
I can't smell anything (and believe me, this is quite something with my baby).
It is easy to install and change the ordinary trash bags, easy to clean, and most important, easy to use one handed - just insert folded dirty diaper and flip the handle.
As the bag fills, you may need to flip twice to ensure that the weighted cylinder has completely pushed the diaper into the bag.
For the first 9 months or so, we only needed to empty this once a week.
Now that our son's diapers are a little larger, they take up more space, and we empty twice a week.
THIS PRODUCT IS A LIFESAVER!!
I HAVE NEVER HAD AN ODOR PROBLEM!
This is a GREAT product!
Excellent diaper disposal unit.
I used it in conjunction with Glad 3ply kitchen trash bags with odor control (scented).
I am soooo pleased with this product!!!
Diaper Champ is great.
But just to let you know that I've been breastfeeding and the poop doesn't stink as much as formula poop.  
So I can't tell you if Diaper Champ will be as good at containing the formula generated poop smell, but it's excellent at containing the smell of poop of my breastfed baby!
This one is really great.
Well the Champ has survived it's first year with our son and it is great!!
We just bought another for baby boy number two coming next month. 
The thought of not having to buy refills and just using regular bags is awesome!
We just recently had to buy another roll of bags. SO $6.00 for a year of bags- can't beat that!!
Works great!!!!
