  EASE OF USE/DESIGN: The iPod is a very easy to use MP3 player, and if you can't figure this out, you shouldn't even own one.
The Click Wheel is a great design, something no one else came up with (however, the iRiver has a touchpad). 
 The song quality of the iPod is excellent, and the included ear buds are actually more than satisfactory, for most users.
 FireWire & USB2.0-- For those fortunate enough to have FireWire400, your in for a real treat with autosync.
 Great Design-- Very sleek and touch wheel has still never been successfully copied (vertal ones are the only competition); and now the wheel clicks, taking away a lot of headaches from 3rd gen and very navigable in the menus. 
Other than the fact that one can't delete a file directly from the iPod, the interface is excellent and mind-numbingly simple to use.  
Someone wrote that they haven't been able to upload songs from burned cds; I have not found this to be so. 
 I have several hundred songs from burned albums, at they all worked fine. 
The sound is INCREDIBLE; very clean, very wide dynamic range of bass, mids and highs, and can be very loud if I turn it up full blast.
 I have less than 3 GB worth of music, and I don't have any more music in my collection.
 I love my new iPod!     
 I still give the iPod five stars, though, as it could have been something I did incorrectly during the install (though I did follow the onscreen prompts) so I'll give Apple the benefit of the doubt.
  My only regret is that I bought the 20GB model, which is way too big for what I really need: I would have been better off with a smaller model of lower capacity. 
Perhaps over time I will fill it up, but with almost 250 songs on my iPod now and less than 1GB used, I have a long way to go.
 That's the only advice I would give to someone considering an iPod purchase: you really may not really need 20GB or 40GB. 
The iPod does come with other nifty software accoutrements, but honestly I haven't used them much as I use the iPod to listen to music while I run or on a plane. 
For a sleeker, smaller and more "average" MP3 player the Nitrus is great but the iPod blows it out of the water - the interface is great and the design is wonderful.
 It "feels" much more professional and well built - the clickable scroller, for example, is a brilliant invention and I never feel as if I'm going to perhaps break it or snap it off (as I sometimes did with the Nitrus).
  THE CONS OF THE IPOD  There are a few advantages to the Nitrus. 
You can transfer music from one PC to the other.
 However, with the iPod you cannot. 
The music MUST be on your computer.
 If you plug your iPod into a PC and try to upload music/etc. it won't work.
Someone told me that he had a 40 GB iPod, and after his computer crashed he lost his paid iTunes music files. 
They were on his iPod, but the device would not let him upload the files onto his new computer; and after he tried, the iTunes software deleted the files from his iPod, assuming they were stolen (?). 
 The!  sound quality is great. 
  It all sounds great too. 
The ear buds that come with it look cheap, but the sound quality is amazing. 
 It sounds 10 times better if you use the little black foam cushions that slip over the buds.
