 what a kick butt Mp3 machine and the freedom to get songs from a reasonable source, instead of paying for them two or three times, then get the Creative Zen IPOD killer, kiss my ass Itunes!
i got 6000 mp3's you'll never register or gay up.     
 ) One outstanding positive feature is the battery. It holds a charge for a long time, longer than most other similar products and the user can replace it easily or take another along as a backup. 
Some other companies require you to send your player back and then charge you an additional $130 to replace their batteries. 
 Creative did well on its rechargeable battery feature. .
5.
) I purchased this device primarily to record off the built-in FM receiver for lectures and seminars that are broadcast live over a FM signal for the hearing impaired. 
 I love how small the thing is, and the blue glow - I've had it for two weeks with no electronic problems at all.  
 Creative Media Source is very easy to use once you get the hang of it, and the file transfers are fast.  
 The software included is an easy installation and you have the option of using the Creative software, Windows Media Player 10, or simply Windows Explorer to move music back and forth between your Zen Touch. 
I did a quick test by selecting a few files and copying them over and they loaded right in. 
Pressed play and I was off. 
 It's cute as anything and the glowing blue LED looks super cool around the edges. 
 The Look & Feel: I have the black one and the contrasting neon blue on the buttons add a very nice ambience. 
The light pulsates when you are charging it almost as if it were breathing. 
 The player itself is tiny , it gets a bit bulky when you put it in the hardcase, which you need to do if you don't want to get scrathes on the back(its a nice looking back too ). 
 The touch buttons are textured so that your finger sdon't slip which was very thoughtful.   
 Reliability & Build  I dropped the player once from about 4 ft, and it fell hard, but kept on playing. 
 Sound  I'm no audiophile but I was amazed by the clarity the player had, it was much better than the sound card on my Computer and louder too. 
 I have had the ipod mini and it performs on the level with my sound card but the micro beats it outright.  
 Best of all the WMAs(I have a lot of them) sound great.  
 Utility Its got a huge list of features including an FM Recorder a Calender and contacts list. 
Its not convinient to enter name of course but synchronise it with outlook and it becomes a gem of a address book. 
 The songs recorded with FM are as good as the original signal. 
The interface takes 2 secs after you press record to show up but its actually started recording at the moment you press record.  
 Creating and modifying playlists is easy and clean.  
 The good news is that the creative support is very responsive and after some emails and postal exchanges, i had a new zen.  
i havent used it much yet so i dont know if i will have the same problem; obviously i hope not.  
  While they all seem to have their own positives and negatives, I picked the Zen Micro over the Ipod mini, because I am not an Apple person, never has been - I wanted something that is fully compatible with Windows Media Player. 
 I was fortunate to get the packaging that still included all the accessories (desk stand/hard case, belt clip, wall charger, etc). 
 And so far, I have been very, very happy with my Zen Micro. 
 The Micro has an impressive array of very nice features and a well designed user interface. 
 What I like the most:  - Small and solid feel. 
 The blue backlight is pretty cool. 
 - Great sound! I was very impressed, I encode at 192 kbps and the audio quality is great, especially with the better headphones. 
I managed to fit about 700 tracks on the player, but many of those are 6-15 minute long classical tracks.   
- Integration with Media Player. 
 Pros: - Excellent sound, even with the headphones that come out of the box, but it absolutely rocked with my Bose Quietcomfort 2 set. 
 It was also the most appealing.   
Immediately you could tell a very distinct difference between the two Creative MP3 players.  
 It has a cardboard slip cover with a nice layered box casing inside.  
 You will find a small folder/envelope on top along with the player.  
Accessories are in reusable bags unlike the Nomad which requires you to tear each back plastic store bag open. 
 A distinct IPod relation is evident with white colored cables, power plug and the very nice Zen case with a white rubber inside covering.  
It has Apple insipid written all over it.  
 I do give create to Creative for their attractive design.    
 The interface works great.  
 What impressed me most was the sound.  
 At 128 the songs sound very good.  
My hobby is home audio and home theater.  
 It's so small. 
It looks sleek and modern. 
 It holds plenty of songs. 
 The sound is amazing. 
 Battery : A Big Big plus. 
 Builtin microphone is great for recording short voice notes. 
I have heard in other players these have to be brought separately.    
 Sound: This is where I love Zen the most. 
 Excellent sound I mean the player has juice. 
I dont use the headphones that come with it instead I use Bose Triport headphones. 
The player has great potential (ur experiance may differ based on your headphones). 
 The bass treble the sound detail is awsome. 
 Battery life is exceptional, lasting longer than the 8-10 hours that seem reasonable with most music players on the market.  
 You don't need to cough up an extra couple bucks for a "special edition" to get black! - Sound: Awesome! - Batteries: removable/replaceable. 
 Creative did an awesome job with the design. 
 It looks nice and sleek and the blue background light looks awesome against the black. 
 The player looks great, feels great, and sounds great. 
 Songs transfer lightning fast, and the two batteries that came in my box give me 24 hours of listen time. 
 Before you run out and buy an iPod, understand something: there are REASONS the Zen is worth encountering this kind of hassle, principally excellent (for MP3) sound quality.  
 The accesories that come with the player are great. 
 I think sound quality should be the first and foremost feature, and the Zen is leaps and bounds better in sound quality, with no need to upgrade the earphones. 
 An extra gig of room, FM radio, voice recorder, PIM applications with sync to Outlook. 
 Sound quality? Phenomenal. 
 Flawless. 
They've partnered with Napster to give you a! free month of the subscription service (read: all the music you want free for thirty days, when you can cancel with all your music safely hidden away.
 Gets nice sound too. 
 In conclusion, this player is beautiful. 
 The radio works excellent in my area, I'm not sure everywhere else.  
 t simply the best player on the market for a really low price, so why look anywhere else?      
 Why bother when it works perfectly with Media Player 10?  
As for the problem with locking up mentioned in a previous post, it only seems to happen if the USB cable is unplugged while WMP 10 is still running.  
I just close the program down first, wait for the message to appear on the Micro, then unplug it. 
This appears to prevent the lockup issue.  
The battery life doesn't appear to be any!
 If your looking for a great sounding mini player, you can't go wrong with the Zen Micro.     
 rks almost without fail, no matter what your taste in music is: From relaxation music to hard rock, to hip hop, to Korean and Japanese, to Afro-Cuban and Salsa, Jazz, Blues, Country and Pop, this feature performs well. 
Just check the menu on your Zen, and it's all there, and neatly stored. 
At least, that is, while it's still alive.        
 This player is fantastic in terms of audio quality, ease of use, and features. 
However, if you are considering purchasing one to use with subscription music services like Napster-to-go, or Yahoo Music Unlimited, there are a few things to keep in mind:  1. 
 I have owned some kind of Creative audio product since 1993 and have never had to call tech support.  
Of course, some were better than others, and I probably could have gotten a better sound card from another company at some point.  
 As far as user interface is concerned, the best and easiest to use seems to be the one that comes with the player, 'Creative MediaSource Organizer'. 
It comes with a built-in program simply entitled 'Creative MediaSource Audio Converter'. 
