the pictures are razor-sharp , even in macro . 
the macro mode is exceptional , the pictures are very clear and you can take the pictures with the lens unbelievably close the subject . 
the battery life is very good , i got about 90 minutes with the lcd turned on all the time , the first time around , and i have been using it with the lcd off every now and then , and have yet needed to recharge it . 
the camera comes with a lexar 16mb starter card , which stores about 10 images in fine mode at the highest resolution , i intend to buy a bigger card soon . 
but overall this is a good camera with a ' really good ' picture clarity ; an exceptional close-up shooting capability . 
i would rate this is 4.5 stars picture quality ; image size defined above are specific to nikon coolpix . 
nikon 4300 , i feel , is the best camera out there for the features and price . 
here were my requirements in a digital camera : 
1 . i had initially thought of buying a 2 or 3 megapixel camera but these are good for 4x6 " or 5x7 " prints and i wanted some really great 8x10 " photos once in a while . 
2 . i did not want a very small camera as it seems to get lost in my hands and i was n't comfortable with that . 
i wanted a decent sized camera with a contour for my fingers to hold it steadily . 
3 . i wanted a camera that had a lot of built-in settings for different types of suroundings while giving me an option to use my photography skills although , i am an amateur with an interest in photography by turning on the manual settings . 
4 . and , of course , i wanted a respected brand and had to stay within my budget because i had bought an expensive camcorder before but had n't used it much . 
depending on all the above requirements , i had narrowed down my search to nikon 4300 and canon powershot s400 models . 
nikon got the final nod for its settings auto and manual along with movie modes , medium; compact size , price , brand name , good software that is included and previous reviews . 
i should say i have been very happy with my decision ever since . 
the pictures are absolutely amazing - the camera captures the minutest of details . 
a few things that might make it even better : 
the 4300 comes with excellent easy to install software i use it on xp and win98 without problem , battery charger , usb and video cable . 
a 64mb flash card camera comes with a 16mb holds 52 pictures on " normal " resolution . 
even at the " normal " setting , a 8x10 print ! shows not a single sign of visible rendering or pixels - you could never tell that the picture has been taken by a " digital " . 
over all a fantastic very compact camera , which made us experience photography on a totally new level ! 
after nearly 800 pictures i have found that this nikon takes incredible pictures . 
i love all of the features , and presets as well . 
sunset feature takes incredible pics in the morning , and the evening ! 
the software you get with this camera is perfect . 
all and all , i am extremely pleased with this camera . 
making the step from film to digital has been a great move . 
i find myself emailing pics to everyone i know . 
great camera , great investment ! 
i 'm extremely glad i bought this camera . 
really happy with this little camera . 
this little camera has created a marriage between myself and nikon. never knew i could love a digital camera so much . 
i found the controls very intuitive and learned how to manuver through the menus quickly . 
the quality is superb . 
the 4300 is a very durable , compact package , and i find nikon to be a brand that i can trust . 
it comes with a 16mb flash card that you will need to upgrade ! 
we got a 256mb card , and have been hard-pressed to fill it over a weekend . 
the only drawbacks that i have noticed : 
it really is an awesome camera that is hard to beat for general-to moderate snapping . 
for work , we use them in the field often , and they hold up really well . 
the picturers are amazing . 
do n't waste time looking at anything else , just buy this one . 
it do n't get any better then the nikon 4300 . 
a nikon will make you happier and leave you lots of good memories , as always . 
i am a picture fanatic so i consider myself picky and if your the same way this camera will not let you down.now buy it ! 
i have it for a week now , and this camera has exceeded my expectations . 
in summary , i love this camera and would whole-heartedly recommend this to anyone wanting a high quality point and shoot camera in the medium price range . 
- since i wrote the review above in january 2003 , i still love this camera . 
i 've picked up a few accessories that i found to be useful . 
i bought a digi-slave dsf-1s flash unit . 
i do n't use a bracket , i just hold it above my head and aim the flash with my left hand . 
i also got a ur-e 4 step down ring adapter , lc-e 900 lens cap , and the nikon 28mm filter set . 
this provides added protection for the camera lens and allows the use of filters . 
i leave the adapter and uv filter on all the time . 
this also allows you to turn on the camera on without having to remove the lens cap . 
the downside is that you might accidentally take pictures with the lens cap on , the camera wo n't fit in the small cases , and 28mm filters are expensive and hard to find . 
i got this camera about a month ago and i can 't put it down . 
i was considering buying the minolta f-100 and the sony dsc-p 9 , but at the camera shop , realized this one went above and beyond . 
i am extremely satisfied with this camera . 
i purchased it from amazon on a since discontinued promotion . 
buy an extra battery - life is good but still somewhat short . 
do n't buy this camera if you are not going to purchase a 128 megabyte card . 
you need the storage to hold a decent amount of shots at 4 megapixel resolution . 
i have one thing to say to the numbskulls who complain that this camera 's controls are confusing and hard to remember : 
read the directions ! 
the regular mode in this camera works for 80 % of settings . 
after a lengthy and extensive journey for a feature-loaded , high performance , travel size camera , i initially gravitated to this little gem because of the superior picture quality 4 mega pixel . 
after using it for about a month , i can state unequivocably that this nikon definitely delivers a huge bang for the buck . 
yes , the picture quality and features which are too numerous to mention are unmatched for any camera in this price range . 
i love the continuous shot mode , which allows you to take up to 16 pix in rapid succession -- great for action shots . 
this camera was affordable , very easy to learn , and produces spectacular images . 
overall the nikon 4300 is a very dependable , robust , and useful little camera . 
awesome camera with huge print quality in a tiny package . 
in my opinion it 's the best camera for the money if you 're looking for something that 's easy to use , small good for travel , and provides excellent , sharp images . 
