i have had the phone for 1 week , the signal quality has been great in the detroit area ( suburbs ) and in my recent road trip between detroit and northern kentucky ( cincinnati ) i experienced perfect signal and reception along i-75 , far superior to at &#38; t 's which does not work along several long stretches on that same route . 
i have owned motorola , panasonic and nokia phones over the last 8 years and generally prefer nokia , this phone combines many of the best nokia features , the only feature missing for me is the voice recognition . 
on the up-side , the phone has amazing battery life . 
while i like the performance of the phone in every regard , i would buy another one solely upon the apparent indestructibility of it . 
i highly recommend a nokia 6610 . 
anything this phone does , it does perfectly . 
the speakerphone , the radio , all features work perfectly . 
the speakerphone : 
this phone has a very cool and useful feature -- the speakerphone . 
anywhere i went in south africa this phone received full bar reception . 
if it worked like that in south africa , i imagine it would just work without a hitch in europe . 
sold in other parts of the world : 
the battery life on this phone is surreal . 
it lasts , truly , 7 days on standby . 
overall , i highly recommend this phone . 
it is a perfect phone in such a small and appealing package . 
size - extremely small and convenient will fit in your pocket and not bother you . 
the reception and sound quality are top-notch . 
i can routinely talk on the phone in my house in the suburbs , which is an unaccustomed luxury , even with t-mobile service . 
- outstanding signal reception 
one of the best cell phones i have ever used to-date . 
i am very pleased with its quality and durability . 
while going for a cellphone , i was fully determined to buy a nokia only as it is the best in cellphones . 
after much survey of all the present handsets and recommendations from friends , i bought this nokia 6610 . 
and really this is the best phone one could have . 
navigating through the menus is super easy , especially if you have owned a previous model nokia phone . 
battery life is very good , i use it every day and i have to charge it every 5 or 6 days or so . 
cons : 
not many . 
this is the best phone i have seen . 
the phones are awesome . 
i bought this slick phone and i am very happy with it . 
i just purchased this phone and i think this is the coolest phone i ever had . 
the features are really cool like the radio . 
the first night i got this phone i put it next to me when i went to bed just to listen to my favorite music station and the handset itself doesnt weight anything its too light and feel so comfy with it . 
the phone is small , light , and very attractive . 
the battery life is amazing . 
in addition it comes with a sleek and powerful headset . 
great phone .. . 
great features .. . 
this is probably your best bet if you are looking for a phone in this price range , or like me , do not have the patience to deal with annoying flip phones . 
a great deal in general ! 
i would not give up this phone for the world . 
the included earpiece is very comfortable and easy to use . 
the radio feature has superb sound quality . 
i 've compared this phone to others such as 6100 , siemens sl55 . 
even though they might be smaller many people seem to have alot of problems with them . 
the ringtones included are awesome , and did i mention they were polyphonic ? 
no more annoying series of beeps . 
this phone plays up to 4 tones at one time and it actually sounds like music . 
the rate plans are also very good , at least for me . 
different people have different needs , of course , but the t-mobile plans are priced very well for the minutes and services you receive . 
the phone would have received 5 stars if the phone had voice dialing and the game downloads from t-zones worked . 
this is one of the nicest phones nokia has made . 
i do recommend getting the data kit for those geeks . 
there are a lot of cool websites with games and midi ringtones to download for free . 
