This is the fourth version of SystemWorks and the second version of Internet Security that I have used and it has always been a favorite.
It has saved my system on more than one occasion, and makes disc clean up a snap.
The best part of the firewall is the visual backtracking.
An infected computer tried to launch an attack on mine and I was able to get a map and address of the server.
 I've used the Corporate edition at work without any problems ever.
Unfortunately, you can't buy the corporate edition over the counter.
By the way, I use the Norton 2003 Corporate at work with absolutely no trouble.
Norton pops up a window about the intrusions and gives me as much detail as possible about where the intrusion is coming from.
Seems to work great.
Sorry to hear about all the other folk's problems....makes me wonder why I'm NOT having any (I'm running Win XP as well).
The product has worked perfectly for me on my XP.
No more banner ads, pop-ups, and the reliable antivirus.
I work on word, explorer, netscape, acrobat reader, photoshop at same time (meaning using a lot of memory), but still dont see a problem with computer (getting slow or crashing).
I have XP with 256MB RAM, 40GB memory.
On the contrary, I'm quite pleased with my upgrade.
It works better and has more useful features than NIS 2003.
PIII 1Ghz 512MB RDRAM Windows XP Pro 80GB HD  I was able to Uninstall NIS 2003 and Install NIS 2004 with no trouble.
First, I turned off my cable modem.
Then I disabled both Norton Antivirus and Norton Internet Security.
I used "Add/Remove Programs" to unistall NIS 2003.
In "Add/Remove, you must selecting the program's Change button.
After that was complete, I deleted the Norton Antivirus and Norton Internet Security folders left in the "Programs" section of Windows XP.
Next I de-fragged my hard drive.
I did not use the Rnis.exe, since I have WinFax Pro on my system. I did not touch the Windows Registry, for the same reason.
So far, the Anti-Spam feature seems to be very good.
Their products have been great and have saved my bacon on numerous occasions.
