but , if you 're looking for my opinion of the apex dvd player , i love it ! 
its fast-forward and rewind work much more smoothly and consistently than those of other models i 've had . 
it plays alternate video formats ( vcds , svcds , cvds ) very well . 
and amazon.com has it for such a great price -- how can you go wrong ? 
i 've bought one for the den and will buy a 2nd one for the bedroom . 
strengths are well listed by other reviewers . 
what got me to buy was the reviewer that said it would play dvd-rs fill of files ( e. , mp3s ) . 
at double-speed ( 2x forward speed ) , it still plays mp3s with sound -- they are pitch-corrected and smooth , but twice as fast ! 
i wish it would do the same for movies , but that 's one rare / cool feature you will have to forgo . 
i took it to my father 's house to play a tom jones concert dvd and he loved the player so much i gave it to him . 
now i need to buy myself another one ! 
great quality picture and features . 
even viewed cds full of jpgs . 
we did n't get to use it again for over a month ( sad , i know ) . 
the cool thing about the ad-2600 it plays alot of different file like mp3 , wma cds , jpeg and kodak picture cds , dvd 's , dvd - / + r 's . 
it 's not a listed feature but , the one thing that sold the unit is that it plays mpeg video . 
it 's low profile , space saving design looks nice . 
the aff feature did a great job converting the letterbox to fill 3/4 of the screen and the image still looked normal . 
loved the slim design . 
the progressive scan option can be turned off easily by a button on the remote control which is one of the simplest and easiest remote controls i have ever seen or used . 
i also own an " apex ad 1201 " dvd player and have had no problems with it since i purchased it almost 1 1/2 years ago . 
one big difference between the 1201 and the 2600 models is that the 2600 model is virtually silent . 
and does n't need to be placed in a cabinet like the 1201 does . 
friends of mine who own apex tv sets are also all very pleased . 
i would not hesitate to purchase this if you are uncertain of the brand name . 
consider it for a future gift too ! 
this is the best dvd player i 've purchased . 
i 've owned a panasonic and sony dvd and this one outperforms in function and image quality and most of all , access speed . 
for those of you who has problems with this player , i 'd suggest checking the owners manual to get the right setting so that you are not displaying the wrong mode and have no picture , etc. 
this player has worked flawlessly for me and at this price , you can 't go wrong . 
80 % of the features on here you will not get by spending $ 100 on a sony or panasonic . 
having said that , this is what you do . " add to cart " ! 
" check out " ! 
" enjoy " ! 
i did not want to have high expectations for this apex player because of the price but it is definitely working out much better than what i would expect from an expensive high-end player . 
what more can you ask for from a $ 40 dvd player ? 
i guess i 'm just lucky to get a good working unit ! 
hope the unit lasts as i 've only had it for 3 days . 
and the slim form-factor together with the mirror-like front panel sure makes the player look cool and pricey ! 
one bad thing though , i find the remote-control a bit flimsy and i predict it will most probably ' die ' before the player does . 
finally , amazon 's free shipping is really getting good , it took only 3 working days for the player to reach me ! 
seems to read most dvds fine , and reads quietly ( i had a pioneer player that had fairly loud disc spin noise ) . 
also , i have not had trouble reading svcds that i created and vbr mp3 cds ( my old apex ad-1200 had trouble with these ) . 
output through component connections looks very good , on my non-hd tv . 
bad : 
i 've had this player for several months and it reads most discs , but it would not recognize several discs that were clean and read on other players ( from friends season 2 ) . 
it would just spin up and stop , and display " no disc " . 
without a doubt the finest looking apex dvd player that i 've seen . 
3 . 
excellent picture quality - on par with my pioneer , panasonic , and jvc players . 
4 . 
remote : you can stand it on end ( harder to lose ) , and it 's far better designed than the 1100s . 
anyway , the initial impression is much better than when i opened the box on the 1100 over a year ago - you can telll that apex is trying harder to improve their product . 
i 'd have given it 5 stars , but i 'm waiting to see if this one holds up to more frequent use than the last one : 
with progressive scan , i expect it to play play play - and give my old pioneer a rest . 
#apex ad-2600 runs all the dvd media including dvd + r/rw and dvd-r / rw ( unlike sony or panasonic - one supports only + r/rw and another supports - r/rw ) . 
i think , apex is the best dvd player you can get for the price . 
some of my friends had well branded dvd-players but they keep complaining that sometime it stucks and sucks ! 
most of them are already switched to apex and they are happy . 
if you are skeptical about trying apex . 
take my words and give it a try . 
hopefully you wo n't regret . 
goodluck ! 
i use this with a home theater system and it 's amazing how it sounds , the picture clarity is unmatched ! 
basic usage is easy , but the remote has a lot of buttons that i have n't used . 
it does play a wide range of formats as advertised which is very nice . 
and so far have not had any problems with dvds not being able to play . 
recommended to anyone looking to purchase a low priced dvd player and not expecting any bells or whistles from a brand name one like sony . 
the machine is very light and slim and fits nicely into my tv stand . 
the picture is perfect , although i 'm not watching on an hdtv . 
but , dollar for dollar , this dvd player is probably the best out there . 
this is probably one of the few dvd players at $ 40 that can play almost everything you throw at it . 
the plus points are - 
1 . 
price 
2 . 
ability to play most discs - i tried dvd , vcd , dvd-r , audio cd and it played all 
3 . 
good looks 
the downside - 
1 . 
the build quality shows why its so cheap - small scratches on the base plate , something that you would n't see on a sony and an overall plasticky feel 
2 . 
i brought it for my sister in college and she loves it ! 
apex is the best cheap quality brand for dvd players . 
also , very light and portable . 
i have shopped with amazon before and have been very happy with their performance thus far . 
i received the apex ad-2600 before i expected . 
that is where my satisfaction ends . 
i bought the apex ad-2600 because of the ability to play jpegs and it seemed like it was the most bang for the buck . 
good quality video . 
this is the third apex product i 've bought and they continue to impress for the price . 
it goes nicely with my apex 27 " in my bedroom . 
the build quality feels solid , it does n't shake or whine while playing discs , and the picture and sound is top notch ( both dts and dd5.1 sound good ) . 
i paid twenty dollars more than the current price , and even then it was a steal . 
i am very pleased with this product and the price to match and have n't had any problems . 
there are really easy directions for setup and fiddling around with the picture , zoom etc . 
so sit back , relax and brag to all your friends who paid a mountain of money for a dvd player that can 't do half the things this one can , and for a fraction of the price ! 
only problem , if you think it 's going to be delivered in the 24hrs amazon claims , do n't hold your breath . 
otherwise it 'll get there the day you get back from the hospital ! 
it plays just about any format ( check before you buy if it plays yours . ) 
if you watch dvds once in a while like i do , get this ! 
apex is made in usa and is one of the underrated brands out there . 
if you watch one dvd per weekm its yours . 
however , i do n't know the dvd 's performance on a heavy load of every-day viewing . 
either way , can 't go wrong with this price . 
i am really impressed by this dvd player . 
if it can fit in the drive bay , this dvd player will play it . 
for instance , i made several back-ups of my dvd movies using dvd-r ( w ) and + r ( w ) and it plays the dvds . 
no matter the format . 
awesome ! 
