I'm in high school, and this camera is perfect for what I use it for, carrying it around in my pocket so I can take pictures whenever I want to, of my friends and of funny things that happen.
It is amazingly small, it's hard to believe all that has been packed into this camera.
I take it with me everywhere,literally, 
it is so small that I am able to keep it in my pocket, and I don't have to fear that it will get ruined in my pocket because it is so durable.
There is also a small covering for the lens, so you need not worry that the lens will get scratched.
The picture quality surprised me, when I first saw this camera I saw how small it was an instantly assumed that the picture quality would not be good--but I was wrong!
The picture quality of this camera is outstanding (taking its' size and price into consideration).
However, I do have a few things to complain about...  
First off, the battery.
This camera uses a lithium battery, I find lithium batteries to be highly inconvenient; because what if you are on vacation, where the nearest place to buy batteries is just a gas station--there is no way that you are going to find lithium batteries there.
Not only is it inconvenient, but also the battery life span is short.
The longest I've had it work was about 1 hour and 45 minutes.
This isn't uncommon in cameras, though, just as long as you bring your charger and spare batteries, you should be fine.
Another problem I had with this camera was the zoom function.
Such a small zoom length that you would think that the zoom would be silent since it hardly zooms in...wrong!
Very wrong.  
If you are just looking for something to keep with you at all times, then this is a great camera choice.
This wonderfully small digital camera produces fantastically good pictures printed on any decent photo-quality printer (with photo quality paper).
This IS the best camera you can have for digital images if you want to:
Take quick pictures with excelent resolution
Hate to wait between shots
Download it fast to your computer
Have a great and easy to use bundled software
Travel with it without knowing you have it in your pocket
The color and light I captured with this camera on a 12-day trip to Turkey (gorgeous vividly colored ceramic tiles inside darkened mosques) were far superior to anything I've ever gotten with a traditional 35-mm film camera.
I love this camera.
It's still one of the smallest 2MP digital cameras on the market, and absolutely one of the best-built most stylish cameras ever.
I've been incredibly happy with this camera.
Slow-syncro flash, macro/infinity mode, etc.
The zoom range is a little narrow (35-70mm in 35mm film equivalent), but given that the camera is the same as my wallet, I can't think of any real complaint.
The SS body is wonderful, feels high-quality.
I discovered that the camera has a manual mode that gives you total control over exposure, white balance, flash (red eye, person against bright background, flash on, flash off, flash automatic).
I love this camera!
I got this camera for an unbelievably low price at amazon.
I would recommend this camera unequivocally!
I got this camera for an unbelievably low price at amazon.
I would recommend this camera unequivocally!
The PhotoStitch software is very cool if you want to do any 360 degree panorama shots.
I'd suggest that you not only buy this camera, but the case for it and an extra battery pack.
My only complaint and the reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 is that the on-camera controls aren't as intuitive as they should be.
The pictures are uniformly excellent and color rendering is perfect.
The S100's image quality rates in the middle of its class, but it can still be a reasonable choice for students, families, or small businesses looking for an ultra-portable camera that weighs less than half a pound with media and battery pack.
I purchased this camera before it went on sale, and while I wouldn't have minded keeping the extra $$$, it was definitely worth it.
I have been absolutely, completely satisfied with the product and its capabilities.
I am no computer expert, and this is my first (and probably last) digital camera.
This is a great product, and Canon has done an excellent job.
I give this product five stars for its usability,performance, expandability, and definitely looks!
The software has been installed on Windows 95, 98, 2000 and XP and I haven't had any problems with it.
The camera is solid, performs well, takes good pictures, and the battery lasts pretty long if you disable the LCD viewfinder.
If battery life were that big a deal, one could purchase a second battery and rotate.
All that said, I am a little disappointed with the quality of the pictures from the camera.
They are razor sharp, the color balance is perfect, and the focus is great.
When taking pictures of people, however, it shows EVERY flaw in the subject's skin.
Scratches, oil, freckles are magnified and come out looking horrific.
It requires extensive Photoshopping to fix the flaws.
I must say, I think this is the coolest camera I've ever  owned!
First, it really is tiny; the size of a pack of cigarettes, maybe  a scooch deeper.
The included battery charger is larger!
Second, it is  incredibly easy to use.
I just went on a quick photo shoot in NYC's  Central Park today, and what a bunch of beautiful photos I took, if I do  say so myself (and I do!)
I also had no  problems installing or running the camera software on my PC.
I'm still  learning about file sizes (and how large is too large to email), and I did  erase one photo I wanted to keep as I was getting used to the menu system.
But otherwise I am thrilled to have taken the plunge into digital  photography.
And there are two more advantages to digital photography  which I hadn't anticipated, beyond the lack of film and developing.
One is  the lack of censorship of your photos -- time for some, uh, fashion  photography of your wife or girlfriend, if that's something you both would  enjoy!
Another is the ability to upload images from your PC to a memory  card in the camera.
This is a great source of personal entertainment for  travelers, if you catch my drift, and you can zoom in on the LCD images!
I  would also recommend Canon's soft case for the camera, which has a slot to  attach to your belt along with a second nicely finished compartment to hold  an extra battery or memory card.
As other reviews have noted, you will  definitely want one or more additional memory cards.
I've found I can get  from nine to twelve compressed 1600 X 1200 photos on one 8MB card, or 28  images uploaded from my PC.
At any rate, if you have been interested in  digital photography but the price and confusion have held you back,  consider the Canon S100 Digital Elph.
It really is the perfect travel  camera, plus it offers the convenience of digital photography.
Even with the waterproof housing it is small.
The lens retracts and has its own metal cover so you don't need to fuss with a lens cap.
The metal housing seems very rugged.
Turn-on to ready-to-shoot is about 3 seconds.
I'd give it  5 stars if the automatic modes were better and if there were true manual focus and exposure modes.
For example, in auto mode you can't use the flash redeye reduction, you must be in manual mode for that.
The auto color balance is often fooled by dense clouds.
You need to use the manual exposure adjustment in backlight or bright light conditions such as with snow in the background.
The panorama modes are wonderful.
Buy at least two batteries and you'll never run out in the field.
High-res photos take 1-1.5 MBytes each so you want a CF card sized accordingly.
There are better cameras but none anywhere near as light and compact.
It's a little jewel.
VERY smal.
You'll carry it with you every day.
I've been taking near 100 pictures per month since I got mine.
5- Excelent software package.
6- Small but very clear TFT screen.
Take shots at angles you thought you wouldn't.
Don't care about sunlight: it's TFT.
7- 360 panoramic pictures are a very big deal.
8- Buttons are little, but If you have steady fingers and dealed with a casio wirst calculator watch, you can deal with almost anything.
Buttons size is OK for me, my wife, but not my grany.
9- Cons? Not a single one after 5 months.
Very easy to use for someone like me who's just hopping on the digital camera bandwagon.
I love not having to go to Walgreen's to get my pictures develpoed anymore!
Definitely a good investment.
This is enough capacity and capability to do a complete household inventory, for example.
While this might seem pricy, I have been spending $27 for 25 APS images, with prints and a CD, so this camera will pay for itself in a year.
The size is tiny, which I love.
We bought extra memory and a backup battery (so we can use one while the other is charging).
Sometimes the pictures are onthe dark side, but I'm able to fix that using the Photoshop 6.0 "adjust levels" function ... not sure how a person would do that without Photoshop, though.
All the features are incredibly intuitive, even for a novice like me.
I would recommend getting a larger Compact Flash card, because once you start taking pictures, you won't want to stop.
The pictures are beautiful, and the camera is so small you can carry it anywhere.
I bought this little guy a few weeks back, and I have to saythat I never had so much fun with a new toy as this.
You willdefinitly appreciate the small size.
You can take it anywhere withyou, unlike other bulky cameras, and capture every moment of yourlife.
