Works great, no odor, and uses regular bags.
Can't complain at all!
It contains the smell from our baby's diapers and we can use just about any kind of bag inside.
I also sprinkled baking soda in the bottom of the Diaper Champ to help absorb odors - every once in awhile I just empty the old baking soda out and replace it.
I don't know if we'll run into trouble down the road with odors, but so far I have no complaints and I'm very happy not to have to buy those refills.
The Diaper Champ is the best we found!
There are no specail bags to deal with or buy!
We use the cheap $1.99 13 gallon vanilla scented bags from the grocery store but you can use any bag you have laying around.
There is also no trick to it.
No spinning it or anyhting!
Just flip the handle and the diaper is gone!
Now it will start smelling if you leave it with diapers in it for an extended period but all of them will!
We empty ours every day and we have never had an odors from it!
It is far better than just a trash can or the Diaper Genie and it's fairly inexpensive as baby products go!
I love that you don't have to purchase expensive refills.
There is no odor and extremely easy to use.
Having one of these helps from needing to take out the trash daily for the guys!
This is easy to work and easy to dispose of the dirty diapers.
FANTASTIC!
It also holds a lot more diapers.
look at the size of it!
Any diaper pail, if you leave it for long enough, is going to smell.
I have noticed an odor (one the I expected!) when unloading the Diaper Champ but at least you don't smell anything every time you use it.
unlike the Diaper Genie!
I highly recommend this!
It's also so easy to use and holds a great deal of diapers.
I haven't noticed any seepage of smells.
The bags attach inside the Champ easily and all one has to do is cram the diaper down and flip the handle.
Presto!
Diaper falls into bag inside the Champ.
The diaper champ couldn't be easier to use.
And the biggest plus is that you don't have to buy any expensive refills.
It takes regular trash bags.
I generally put kitchen size bags in it, but you can use just about any size if you are in a pinch.
THIS ITEM IS EXCEPTIONAL I like the ease of use and it held the odor in great.
For even better odor control we would put a plug ins in the outlet closest to it.
I had no problem with stuck diapers and if I did it wasn't often but I can see how it would happen.
Diaper Champ is by far the best diaper pail!
It holds a lot of diapers, not to mention the odor!
It's easy to use (just a flip of the lid, and the diaper is gone!).
It's also easy to empty out.
Just unlock the top, and remove the plastic bag.
And best of all, no wasting money on special refill bags---this takes ordinary garbage bags!
Whether you are using disposable or cloth diapers, this is the truly the only diaper pail to get!
Go for the Champ.
It lives up to its name.
With the enormous numbers of diapers that you go through with a newborn, it was great how easy it was to dispose of the dirty ones.
No need to pay for the special refills that the other brands require!
*holds a LOT of diapers--a full week of toddler diapers!
(we wrap them nice and tight) *we use our regular kitchen trash bags--cheap!
*holds the odor in nicely!
(every now and then I spray down the inside of the pail with Lysol) *easy one-hand use *impossible for my inquisitive child to get the dirty diapers OUT of the pail Every now and then odors do escape the pail, but that is rare--and it usually just means that we've crammed too much in there and need to change the bag.
Spraying down the inside of the container (and letting it air out) periodically definitely helps.
It holds quite a few diapers, and pops them in quickly and easily.
I use the same store-brand tall kitchen trash bags I already use in the kitchen for it -- no special "diaper" trash bags necessary.
The opening could be a little wider, I suppose, but I haven't really seen anything else that could be improved.
It works with a minimum of fuss.
This is one of the best purchases we made.
The champ, the baby bjorn, fluerville diaper bag, and graco pack and play bassinet all vie for the best baby purchase.
I love this pail!
The diaper champ is the best!
Having used it with 2 children 13 months apart.
I can honestly speak to its worth!
I have tried other pails, but none have compared positively to the Champ.
1) The champ is easy to use.
One pail that I used was so difficult to change the bag and insert the dirty diaper.
You had to remove the entire lid and lay it on the floor (which led to my toddler running away with it which is gross) while trying to fit the bag correctly into the slot.
For diaper disposal, you had to push a button and the lid would or would not pop open.
You do not have to waste money or time trying to purchase special bags for the Champ.
You can save your bags from your shopping trip and insert them into the Champ.
Special bags are expensive, hard to find, and you never have enough.
This will never be a problem with the Champ.
Don't Caregivers need more simplicity in their lives?
The Champ gives you peace of mind and wallet.
3)The Champ is Odor Free for at least 15 months.
The Champ did not start letting a little odor through until well over a year.
I cannot speak to the accuracy of its odor containing capabilities due to it was working overtime with 2 childrens diapers.
If you have only one child the Champ may last you until the child is out of diapers.
Regardless to this fact, I believe the Champ is the best way to go.
The positives outway the negatives.
There probably isn't a pail out on the market that doesn't get smelly after a while.
Let the Champ win you over!
No need for deodorizers.
I use the regular kitchen trash bags and it is so easy to empty.
even did while daughter sleep and no noise!
I use the scented bags and even if I don't no smell!
It holds almost a week's worth of diapers, and you don't need expensive refills - any kitchen bags work.
At first I had a problem with some smell, then I realized if you flip the lid back and always keep the same side facing in - then there is no smell at all!
It is also to wipe clean if you do get the chute a bit dirty.
I second that you just need to fold up the diaper (with wipes inside) neatly, but that is not a big deal.
The latch isn't terribly difficult, and I wouldn't want it to be too easy since it sits in my son's room.
Personally, I am VERY pleased with the Diaper Champ.
And it is very easy to clean.
I can keep one hand on my baby and dump the diaper at the same time, it is that simple.
I am SO thankful I got that advice when I did because I had the Diaper Genie on my registry aforementioned to her warning.
I'd abhor having to drive all the way to a baby superstore to purchase bags her dirty diapers are just going to get thrown away in.
I am very pleased with our choice.
This is a great diaper pail.
There is no odor and it is very easy to use.
(You can do it one handed while still hanging on to the baby.) Also, we like using regular trash bags instead of having to worry about buying refills (like with the Diaper Genie).
And it's the largest diaper pail I've seen without taking up more floor space.
It works great.
I can't smell anything (and believe me, this is quite something with my baby).
I ended up buying one for upstairs and one for downstairs because it works so well and because I change him so often downstairs.
It's much better than putting diapers in a downstairs trashcan.
The reviews were definitely right.
It sits in the corner of our bathroom and we have never had any problems with odors at all (and we live in the damp and humid South, where odors of all kinds are generally rife).
It is easy to install and change the ordinary trash bags, easy to clean, and most important, easy to use one handed - just insert folded dirty diaper and flip the handle.
As the bag fills, you may need to flip twice to ensure that the weighted cylinder has completely pushed the diaper into the bag.
For the first 9 months or so, we only needed to empty this once a week.
Now that our son's diapers are a little larger, they take up more space, and we empty twice a week.
We have never had any problems with anything like loose wipes getting stuck (we always wrap them in the dirty diaper).
It is a bit difficult to get the unit open (the advice to take it slowly is sound), but now that our son is walking and exploring, I consider this a positive attribute!
Update (March 2005): My son has been out of diapers for almost 2 years now, but the Diaper Champ hung in there till the very end - easy to use, no problems with odors, and one of the best bargains among all of the paraphernalia required for the modern baby :-)
THIS PRODUCT IS A LIFESAVER!!
I HAVE NEVER HAD AN ODOR PROBLEM!
No one has ever come to my house and noticed 'diaper odor.'
In fact, people who have been present while I changed my almost 3 month old son's diaper have been amazed at how the very 'potent' smell of the dirty diaper seems to disappear once I dispose of the diaper in the Diaper Champ.
For those who are experiencing odor problems, here are some suggestions which should solve the problem:  
1. CHANGE BAGS FREQUENTLY!!
I change mine about 1 or 2 times a week.
For those who complain that the pail gets stuck, that is probably a good indication that the BAG IS GETTING TOO FULL!! 
Also, making sure that the tape on the diapers is secure will prevent that from happening as well.
2. YOU STILL HAVE TO CLEAN THE THING!!
Hello, it does house dirty diapers!! 
All I do is wipe it down with some antibacterial wipes (takes about 10 seconds!!) and then maybe spray some Lysol in it and let it air out for a minute or two.
SIMPLE AND IT WORKS!
Also, for those that complain that the Diaper Champ isn't as effective as time passes, keep the following in mind: AS BABIES GET OLDER, THEIR DIETS CHANGES (aka SOLID FOODS!) AND SO DOES THE SMELL OF THEIR DIAPERS!
In talking with other parents, I get the same feedback - as babies get older and become toddlers, ALL DIAPER PAILS become gradually less and less effective until they are just no longer useful.
Again, this is because as their diet changes, so does the consistency and odor of their stool, in other words, it gets stinkier!!!  
All in all, this product is definitely one I would recommend and certainly worth the very reasonable price.
This is a GREAT product!
We use regular kitchen sized garbage bags.
We've never experienced odor from the pail.
It was easy to assemble, and the diapers fit perfectly into the little nook before they make their way into the pail portion.
I also love that you can flip the device with one hand...
Highly recommended!!!
Makes life easier and keeps baby's room smelling like baby, not dirty diapers!
Excellent diaper disposal unit.
I used it in conjunction with Glad 3ply kitchen trash bags with odor control (scented).
I am soooo pleased with this product!!!
A wise investment for the pocketbook & for the nose!!!
Diaper Champ is great.
But just to let you know that I've been breastfeeding and the poop doesn't stink as much as formula poop.  
So I can't tell you if Diaper Champ will be as good at containing the formula generated poop smell, but it's excellent at containing the smell of poop of my breastfed baby!
Also, it takes any kitchen sized trash bag, so there is no special bag to stock.
While the perfect ordor free diaper pail has yet to be invented, the Diaper Champ is a good as it gets.
I could probably use a trash can and be ok at this point, but this prduct seems to work very well so far.
This one is really great.
I actually took a friends word on it and went with this Champ when registering and I am glad I did.
I just knew all along what products I would not use, but was undecided on the actual one I wanted. 
Well the Champ has survived it's first year with our son and it is great!!
We just bought another for baby boy number two coming next month. 
The thought of not having to buy refills and just using regular bags is awesome!
We just buy the smaller bags that come like 250 to a roll and are sented and they are like $6.00 and they work great.
We just recently had to buy another roll of bags. SO $6.00 for a year of bags- can't beat that!!
We lysol the champ every time we change the bag out and have not had any problems.
Would reccommend to anyone and everyone!!
I recommend it to both parents of infants and toddlers.
In fact, I liked it so much after using it with my son who is now 2 years old, that I bought one for our new baby's room.
Originally with my son we had a Diaper Genie.  
1.  The Diaper Champ doesn't require special refills that are expensive and hard to find!
We just use the Glad tall kitchen trash can bags with odor shield from Target and they work wonderfully.
We don't have to worry about running out of refills with this diaper pail!
2.  It can be operated with one hand - Leaving a hand on your baby on the changing table.
3.  Bags are easy to change.
Pop the lid, fold it back on its hinge, pull the trash bag through the ring, and take out the dirty diapers.  
To replace the bag simply open it up and feed the top of the bag through ring, fold it over the sides of the ring, and close.  
It takes all of 2 minutes, if that.  4.  
It keeps smells out of your nursery or toddler room!
Yes, you may get a whiff of a smell when you flip the handle, but then it is gone.
Remember, it does hold dirty diapers!  
Works great!!!!
5.  The price is right.
At $30 we put one in the nursery and one in our toddler's room.       
