The soft start is a tremendous help for this type of operation.
It is a heavy but well-balanced machine, which is an asset when maximum stability is desired.
The edge guide is top quality, easy to install and accurate.
I used this router to plow out 3" raised panels in oak without phasing the beast.
This was possible due to the variable speed settings for any sized bit.
The router is also equipped with an adapter that accepts PC guide bushings.
The height adjustment knob is a bit flimsy, but it works well and provides good accuracy.
The only complaint I have is that the 1/4" collet will not sufficiently hold any of my 1/4" bits.
I purchased an aftermarket slotted collet that does the job.
The Hitachi collet simply was not ground accurately.
However, now that the kit comes with the height adjustment knob, I'd say jump all over it.
The speed control is well designed and it works perfectly.
The included fence guide is easy to set up and quite accurate as well.
This is an excellent router for the money.
I use it primarily in a router table and have been making my own moldings and trim.
Other than that, i think it is the best router for the money.
Smooth plunging! ( it did stick a bit so I sprayed it w/ lubricant.
It is a great router for a table and with the depth adjustment knob it is easy to adjust depth prescisely.
Why do people spend all that money on accessories to "raise and lower " the router in a table??? A waste of money.
It is very easy to change bits without removing the router from the table and the shaft lock works great.
The price is incredible with the bonus pack and Hitachi's $25 incentive ( you need the code ---go to Toolseeker.com and it tells you)
The total price with delivery (free shipping ) was $135 !
Can recommend the Hitachi in this ergonomic arena -- at the price quoted on Amazon it is a bargain.
 I use it in the table (never take the springs out - just attach the fine adjustment knob), in my woodrat and freehand and it works great in all circumstances.
The only beef that I have with it is that there is a little too much slop in the columns when the lock is not engaged.
Unless you routinely use it like this (which I do to cut mortises on the woodrat) then you will never notice.
Combine this with the excellent price we got in the Gold Box, and I'm really happy.
I find it very stable and comfortable to use, it doesn't jump around or make me feel like I need to use a lot of arm strength to keep it under control, and  it has very good visibility to see your cut.
It came with a good fence that  is simple yet precise and thats well made and won't break.
Also I like the  position of all the controls and the fact that it doesn't have any extra  knobs or gizmos.
It is quiet and has plenty of power.
I find that it is stable in my hands and its' weight actually contributes to that stability.
That said, I am disappointed in the plunging mechanism.
For the money, I'm not sure you can do better.
It's very quiet for a universal motor-driven tool, and the height adjustment stick and variable speed control are great.
I bought this specifically for a router table I built, and it has performed flawlessly in that capacity.
I've done some hand-held routing with it and it works good for that as well.
Smooth plunging mechanism.
The guide fence for freehand routing is well made and solid.
The only thing I hate (and this pretty much goes for any router I've used) is changing the bits.
It's oftentimes hard to get a good grip on the router, activate the chuck lock, and get enough muscle behind the wrench to get the collet loosened up.
Even with that, I highly recommend this router - outstanding performer.
One cabinet shop has been using one regularly in a router table for 11 years without a problem.
My routers arrived promptly and I actually used one of them in the construction of the router table.
The design of the collets is excellent and far exceeds any of the craftman (toy/junk) routers I have previously purchased.
I have since used them to cut all the stiles and rails for my first kitchen.
They were easy to setup with plenty of power to hog through anything I have encountered.
I have less money invested in the router table and dual routers than I would have if I had purchased a single cheap reliant shaper.
The setup works awesome, as with any tool I look closely at the individual tool for it's merits, and not just the company as a whole.
I say this because I am not particulary fond of the hitachi compound miter saw.
As I find it inheritly inaccurate by design.
I would however highly recommend the m12v router !
It has enough power to hog out all the material in one pass, but I usually take multiple to prevent blowout and a smoother finish.
For the price, I am considering purchasing a spare just to have as a backup.
This is an excellent router for the price.
This is my second one.
The power is incredible, it cut through MDF and plywood like butter.
The edge guide has a nice micro adjust feature that works well.
The only not-so-positive comment I have is about the depth adjustment, it is not easy to micro-adjust accurately.
I've got a buddy who's trying to offload his almost new $300 Speedmatic because he saw what this router can do.
If you're looking for a 3hp plunge router, the Hitachi M12V is your best bet to stretch your equipment budget.
It doesn't bog down under load.
Cuts are easy and smooth.
I use it on a router table, and it is works well.
The major reasons I didn't give it a five are:  One, I didn't think the fine adjustment worked well.
It has plenty of power.
For the price I don't think you can beat it.
