This is the first phone I know of that has the large bright screen, infrared, bluetooth, USB connector and a speakerphone.
If you are looking for an upgrade, this is definitely the phone for you.
6600 looks and feels nice.
This one is full of features(has bluetooth).
Especially the LCD is big and the camera quality is among the very best around.
I have set up it's PDA features with avantgo.com where you can download info from sites like weather,mapquest maps/directions into it, which is great.
Using supplied s/w, you can transfer all addresses from a different nokia phone into it.
It has raised the bar owing to number of features it offers and the absolute ease of use delight.
Now I'm a techy and like getting technical about things so I'd brief you in on the few features I liked about this phone-
1.The Phone has the best keypad any Nokia phone has to offer.
My dad has a Nokia 6670 before which he has a Nokia 7210 and before that he had a Nokia 6610.
I think the keypad on your cell phone is the most important thing for me as Im constantly sending messages , calling people and fiddling around with my phone.
3. The Nokia 6600 has a brilliant Java interface.
There's a whole lot of things you can do with this phone besides reading a book , playing various Java games , having a variety of software installed.
Capacity is not a problem here.
4. The Build is just right.
5.The Camera installed on this phone is awesome.
I click pictures in JPG format and because the phone has a bluetooth device I find it extremely easy to transfer pics to my pc and forth.
The use of 65536 (16bit) colors ensures you get your share of animations and icons on your phone
Besides the above mentioned Merits , the phone has decent ear volume and loudspeaker functionality.
It has great upgradibility.
I can play MP3 files on my phone by simply downloading softwares freely available on the net.
Now that is neat.
The log functions helps you track down the incoming , outgoing calls in the most easy of ways.
The handsfree provided by the phone is useful for those who talk on the phone while driving.
I wouldn't do that because it's not worth my life.
This makes for a great phone.
Did I mention the note feature and how you can send notes via Bluetooth?
gee anyways ENJOY WHAT WORKS!
i highly recommend it if you are looking for a phone with great camera quality and/or lots of features you would find in a PDA.
I own this phone for about 6 months now, I have used the following features: bluetooth connection to laptop and desktop for sync contacts and calendars with Outlook, transfer files (movies, songs), I have many movies on it now with a 512MB memory card that it takes.
Bought a bluetooth headset and it works like a wonder.
Handsfree future is good, but not too exciting.
Camera is nice, and video recording for some reason is only limited to 9 seconds.
:! OK, score 7.0 Oh yes, the newest color of this phone is quite cool.
What makes it so great is the versatility and the number of features it has.
The best features that I use most often are:
1) Great audio quality overall.
Handset quality is great, as is the speakerphone quality and the headset audio quality.
2) Camera phone.
A decent camera phone for taking quick pictures, movies, and having general all around fun with.
3) The joystick design they are using on the new Nokias gives you a great degree of control.
The only problem is that occasionally the joystick does start to dig into your thumb while gaming.
4) One nice thing about Nokias is that they have a ton of ring tone and game choices.
If you love your cell phone games or changing your ring tones everyday, Nokia beats everyone else.
5) Bluetooth wireless technology, so that I can transfer data to and from my computer without messing with any cables.
This is great for putting photos and memos on the computer and transferring calander data to my phone.
Other than that it meets or surpasses all of my needs and surely won't disappoint any already established Nokia phone fans.
DEPENDABILITY: I've seen no glitches.
Solid, squeak-free, large screen.
MEMORY/STORAGE - Seemingly boundless.
First of all, the phone houses a great deal of memory for multiple videos, sound clips, photos, texts, etc.
Secondly, all info can be sent to a computer and w/o the hassle of USB wires.
Still not sure?
If you max out the phone memory and have sent all you wish to a computer, there is a memory card w/ a good deal of storage as well.
This is no small deal.
If you're still whining about storage, deleting some games will free-up still more memory.
RECEPTION: This really depends on locale & carrier.
The 6600 (T-Mobile) is the true 'world phone' in that it has the mhz to operate around the globe, including New Zealand and Australia (900) whereas the  6620 (available from Cingular) replaces it w/ 800mhz (some refer to as 850).
The battery life is less than stellar, but it charges w/ the quickness.
Remember, this phone uses an operating system - Symbian... and it's feature-rich w/ 65k colors.
It films 10 second video, for crying out loud.
The battery life can't be very long; let's not be greedy.
GAMES - Java.
Don't use them, so I delete them for addtl space.
In my humble opinion, games, along w/ 'flip phones' belong in the hands of teenagers.
There are number of downloads needed/available for this phone & they will be texted to you at no cost.
The downloads are for basic and advanced operations.
Despite a critical start, this phone deserves four stars because it accomplishes what it sets out to do (which is pretty lofty)... does more than most... does it well... is dependable.
It's a high-line Audi, on a Cadillac suspension, at a reasonable price.
This phone is one of the best I've ever used.
this is a great phone i have this phone since Feb 04 and i never have any problem at all.
very cool features... great camera with zoom...cool quality pictures... great ringtones... bluetooth feature is great....
The ringtones are beautiful, the screen is super high quality.
I could go on and on---but I won't!
Go see for yourself.
The ONLY bad thing?
I do not need to repeat what's great about this phone.
A few things that I want to suggest for improvements:
1) phone card calling feature.
It is Nokia and thus easy to acces the menu options.
High quality video and pictures rock!
3 band and you can just change the SIM card in it to be able to use it in Europe with another service provider.
Bottom line great phone for the time being.
I use a Nokia 6600, it has a great color TFT display and camera equipped with zoom, which complement a built-in video recorder with audio and a RealOne player for playback and streaming of 3GPP-compatible and RealMedia video clips.
Multimedia functions are enhanced by multi-slide MMS messages and a Gallery for organizing digital content captured or downloaded with the phone.
So, do I recommend the 6600?
The Nokia 6600 is a decent extension of the smartphone line.
The phone has such advantages as the excellent keypad and display, long rundown time and a good software suite.
Among its weak points is the MMC slot location and a bit vague design.
In short, the Nokia 6600 is an evolution but not a revolution.
I'm sure you can read the specs above to see everything it does, but for me the best thing is that I can easily check my email, movie times, news, or any website with this phone.
You can take pic of your friends and the picture will pop up when they call.
Give each friend a different ringtone.
Get great themes and wallpapers for this phone and many many polyphonic rings.
A huge beautiful color screen which can not been scratched at all even with the rough handling i give it.
Nokia makes great phones, and this one is the cream of the crop.
Best phone i've ever owned, period.
I think the interface is great.
I love the features, the interface, the size (the screen is a delight), the camera (though I admit I'm not much of a camera user -- so just a toy for me), the internet connectivity, the quality, etc.
If I had to do it over, I wouldn't buy anything else.
I love the Bluetooth; easy to use with a wireless Jabra headset.
Photos are pretty darned good!
With one of the most intuitive user-interfaces around, seamless bluetooth sync with Microsoft Outlook, support for thousands of applications for the Symbian platform which this phone runs on (I own the IR Remote, ICQ and a few others), the Nokia 6600 is all of the above - one of the few phones from T-Mobile that can claim such a distinction.
Ive had this phone for a year now - and its the best phone I have owned.
The only con I can think of is the lack of a mega-pixel camera.
Motorola's phones are well engineered but have an user interface that reflects very poorly on what is otherwise an excellent engineering company.
Its a real shame that T-Mo does not offer the newer Nokia models.
This phone is fantastic.
Great reception, visibility and interface (may be complicated by others).
Just don't get drawn into T-Mobile's catchy rebate.
I highly recommend this phone.
I find it difficult to remove back cover so is you plan to have a spare battery and replace it I suggest you don't ,besides it has a long battery life.
but this by far is the best phone out there right now!
yes it is a bit large, but the realestate on the screen will spoil you!
i also use the phone as my modem via bluetooth to my Apple powerbook!
The phone itself is pretty nice.
Camera quality isn't bad for the low resolution.
This phone has a nice blend of features without going overboard.
I was looking for a phone which synced with Mac OSX using Bluetooth, had decent battery life, could check email, had good reception, nice screen size and was durable (I break often break small gadgets)
The interface is simple to use.
I saw a few complaints on the load time of menus and I feel people are over-exaggerating the menu load time.
On the T-Mobile service I was able to take pics as we drove across I-70 and email them to family & friends once we reached a T-Mobile tzone (usually a major city).
Outside of the T-Mobile service area the phone seamlessly jumped onto AT&T Wireless and various other services where the T-Mobile service was unavailable.
As I drove across the country I lost reception only in eastern Kentucky's mountains.
Along the way we compared it to my wife's T720i and the 6600 was superior in terms of battery life, connectivity bars and features.
With Bluetooth off the phone last almost twice as long.
The nokia 6600 is a great phone, good games, good camera.
The voice recorders good, but you can't record songs off the radio for ring tones.
The games are decent, but u only get 2 to start off with.
But you can download some really good ones like pac-man or mafia wars.
Overall the phones fantastic, and I would have given it 5 stars, but its not perfect.
The battery on mine lasts 2 days if I don't play games that much, and it only takes 90 mins to charge from flat.
This phone has the best battery, it lasts longer then my old 3210
I got a 1GB MMC upgrade for this phone and now I can:
1. Record around 1 hour of video with Phillips Camcorder Pro.
2. Take around 10,000 640x480 pictures.
3. Play Java games on it.
4. Play N-Gage games on it.
5. Check traffic411.com for LA traffic on the 405.
6. Play Gameboy Color games on it with GoBoy.
7. Have a good chunk of my small MP3 to listen through the speaker phone.
8. Connected the phone to my tablet pc and now can access company VPN at 56k speed via bluetooth.
Clear the call logs once in a while to speed up the phone people!!!
As for bluetooth, no problems at all.
I've connected the phone with two laptops and a iPaq 4155.
Very simple and painless.
This is the first cell phone I've owned, and overall, I am quite pleased with it.
The 6600 was the best phone I could find with these options that I could get with t-mobile.
One primary reason for getting a cell phone was so that I could use it as an internet connection for my laptop running linux, where softmodem drivers are hard to find, and don't work very well.
If you are using Linux, and you want to use GPRS to connect to the net, I suggest this phone along with a Belkin USB Bluetooth adapter.
For the linux users out there who are intrested in my setup: I'm running Debian (Knoppix 3.4) with a custom 2.6.7 kernel.
On a DELL Inspiron 8200 with a P4 2.0ghz system with 1gb RAM.
The KDE Bluez system for bluetooth support.
I have really enjoyed the camera on this phone.
Although the images are not the best in the world, its very handy to have a camera everywhere you go.
And the phone has a very cool feature wich allows you to send images via a normal POP3/SMTP e-mail account.
I will also say that setting up the e-mail account was very simple and straight-forward, although you do need an external SMTP server to use.
The phone can use any MIDI audio file as a ringtone.
Which is really nice because you can get pretty much any piece of music in MIDI format for free on the net.
You can use the OBEX File Transfer service with bluetooth from linux (KDE-bluetooth provieds a nice intergration into Konqueror for this) for sending files to the phone.
The fact that you can assign ringtones to people and/or groups is really cool.
Apparently some phones don't allow you to give an entire group a ringtone.
I will say that the OS that the phone runs does have a few issues.
Sometimes, various applications crash.
Especially the bluetooth server... Meaning you have to restart the phone if you want bluetooth to work again.
This is somewhat annoying, but from working with computers (espcially windows -- ugh...)
I'm used to having to restart things.
On average, I prolly restart the phone every two days.
I use this phone exculsivly with a Jabra Freespeak 250.
I really dislike holding a phone to my ear, and I've found the Freespeak to be very comfortable and easy to use with this phone.
The only main drawback is the fact that the voice-dialing system is kinda picky.
All in all, this is a great phone.
Especially for the price amazon gives it at (I was unable to get mine through amazon due to some credit complications).
If you use linux and want GRPS and/or want to use a handsfree bluetooth device, and want a decent camera -- this is the phone for you.
I really love this phone...
you actually can talk to a real person for support in under an hour!).
It offers way more features than I need but the ones I use work well.
I almost always get a good strong signal, even in fairly remote areas here in the southwest.
The sound quality is excellent and the speaker phone couldn't be easier to use.
I like the size and shape.
It fits comfortably in my hand and pocket.
The only problem is the size of the keys.
It's really well made and has survived sliding across floors and pavement without a scratch.
I've had nothing but good luck with T-Mobile.
Their customer service agents are always prompt and polite and my service is terrific.
I never get dropped calls.
It seems to be a much more user friendly company than Verizon and a thousand percent better than the horrible Quest Wireless.
I've had this phone for almost a year now and it has been nothing but great to use.
I can connect to my computer via bluetooth to transfer images, calender events, contacts and anything else.
Another great feature for me anyway is the ability to load .wav sounds as ringers.
This way I never have to be ripped off by the carrier for stupid ringtones, I can get whatever I want.
The only downside I have found with this phone is that it is a bit slow to react, meaning when I push the contacts button, it takes a while to load, this is true for almost all the menus and programs on the phone.
Other than that, the simbian series 60 OS is great and offers lots of proprietary software that will work on your phone if you're willing to hunt for it.
The good:  1) Large LCD screen, colorful display, good resolution.
2) Nice features, like web browser, camera, video recorder, speaker phone (very usefully), clear voice reception.
3) Joy stick for eazy navigation, 35Mb memory card to store the pictures and stuff.
Now the bad:  1) As usual, battery power not sufficient for daily usuage.
3) Joy stick for eazy navigation, 35Mb memory card to store the pictures and stuff.
The battery power discharges rapidly especially on using the web browser.
speaker phone quality is good, and poping in a 512mb MMC card, it rocks !
putting in MP3 player, lots of games and application to download.
DOwnside is the size of the phone, it is BIG for today's standard.
Love the speaker phone.
INCREDIBLE MEMORY!
Aside from a 6MB++ built-in phone memory, there's a 32MB MMC card that goes with it!
Picture quality's great for still and video with sound.
you can record your voice and turn it into a ringtone.
it has a handsfree loudspeaker, conference and transfer!
i'm having mine upgraded to capture endless video, which right now allows 10 secs.
I'll have to buy bigger MMC card of course.
I love this phone.
This phone is one of the milestones in the history of the cellular phones.
Supporting an operating system, Symbian OS, you can download and run a lot of programs on this phone.
You can turn this phone into a gaming machine, a camcorder or a digital camera, an mp3-player, a movie viewer, a voice recorder, a personal secretary, a GPS map browser, a book, a multifunction remote controller, practically everything that you can do with the computer, plus it is a phone(!!) and also you can carry it in your pocket :).
It uses the extendable MMC memory, it is perfect for storing videos, pictures and mp3s.
Its nice look is also a plus.
And also, since it is tri band and since it uses SIM-card, you can just use it in Europe and many other parts of the world, wherever GSM exists.
I am just in love with this phone, especially after using a more primitve phone about 3 years.
